Document: nexora_Mathematics_note1_v1
Chunk: 6
Start Word: 1280
End Word: 1600
Words: 320

calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 36: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 37: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 38: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 39: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 40: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 41: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 42: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 43: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 44: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 45: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 46: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 47: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout