Document: nexora_Mathematics_note1_v1
Chunk: 4
Start Word: 768
End Word: 1088
Words: 320

the provided solutions. Shortcut 16: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 17: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 18: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 19: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 20: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 21: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 22: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 23: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 24: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 25: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 26: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 27: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 28: Look for opportunities