Document: nexora_Mathematics_note1_v1
Chunk: 17
Start Word: 4096
End Word: 4416
Words: 320

tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 13: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 14: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 15: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 16: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 17: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 18: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 19: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 20: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 21: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 22: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 23: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 24: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 25: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 26: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 27: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 28: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius,