Document: nexora_Mathematics_note1_v1
Chunk: 16
Start Word: 3840
End Word: 4160
Words: 320

RL Area of triangle formed by pair of tangents = PT₁T₂ Angle Between Tangents tanθ = 2RL/(L²-R²) Circumcircle of Triangle PT₁T₂ (x-x₁)(x+g) + (y-y₁)(y+f) = 0 Practice Question 1: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 2: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 3: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 4: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 5: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 6: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 7: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 8: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 9: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 10: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 11: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 12: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 13: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 14: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power of point, or pair of tangents. Practice Question 15: Solve a circle problem involving centre, radius, tangent, normal, chord, power