Document: nexora_Mathematics_note1_v1
Chunk: 14
Start Word: 3328
End Word: 3648
Words: 320

identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 8: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 9: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 10: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 11: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 12: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 13: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 14: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 15: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 16: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 17: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 18: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 19: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Practice Question 20: Convert a general parabola into standard form and identify its vertex, focus, directrix, axis and latus rectum. Circle - Complete Notes (From Uploaded Notebook) Equation of Circle (Centre-Radius Form) x² + y² = a² (x-h)² + (y-k)² = a² Centre = (h,k), Radius = a General Equation of Circle x² + y² + 2gx + 2fy + c = 0 Centre = (-g,-f) Radius = √(g²+f²-c) Diameter Form