Document: nexora_Mathematics_note1_v1
Chunk: 5
Start Word: 1024
End Word: 1344
Words: 320

key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 26: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 27: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 28: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 29: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 30: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 31: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 32: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 33: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 34: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 35: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 36: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut 37: Look for opportunities to create zeros using row/column operations before expanding. This reduces calculations and is the key technique used throughout the provided solutions. Shortcut