The Power Of Yoga
Photo by Geert Pieters on Unsplash
14 Amazing Benefits Of Yoga
institute and college-going students may have youth on their side, but that does not.
mean they are spared from the stresses and pressures of life. So, let's talk about the
benefits of yoga in institutes.
Sitting at a desk for hours a day, going back home and pouring over books to finish the.
daily homework assignments, studying and acing numerous tests, participating in
various extra-curricular activities, etc. all cause the body and mind to tense up.
To add to these, there are social and family challenges, anxiety, bullying and emotional
that also take their toll on students.
Yoga, an elixir that works on almost every new age predicament such as obesity,.
depression, diabetes and panic attacks, is not a solution only for grown-ups but also for
young students and can help them lead a better lifestyle as they grow up. Here are.
some of the benefits of including yoga for students in institute:.
DETEKSI COVID-19 PADA CITRA SINAR-X DADA MENGGUNAKAN
PRE-TRAINING DEEP AUTOENCODER
Fadhil Yusuf Rahadika', Karina Amadea?, Adhi Setiawan', Griselda Anjeli Sirait', Novanto Yudistira
1,2,3,4,$Universitas Brawijaya
Email: 'fadhilyusuf27@gmail.com, 2kaamadea@gmail.com, 'adhisetiawan518@gmail.com,
'griseldasirait@gmail.com, 'yudistira@ub.ac.id
Abstrak
Pada awal tahun 2020, virus baru bernama COviD-19 diidentifikasi di kota Wuhan, China. Virus
inimenyebarkebanyak negaradengan sangat cepat hingga pada waktu yang berdekatan WHO menetapkan virus
tersebut sebagai pandemi. Virus ini menyerangsistempernafasan dandapat menyebabkan komplikasi terhadap
penyakit lainnya seperti pneumonia, gagal ginjal, hingga dapat menyebabkan pengidap meninggal dunia. Deteksi
virus COVID-19 ini umumnya menggunakan tes laboratorium dengan metode RT-PCR untuk mendapatkan hasil
yang akurat. Sayangnya, tes ini membutuhkan waktu yang cukup lama yaitu sekitar 24 jam untuk mendapatkan
hasil. Selain menggunakan tes RT-PCR, beberapa penelitian menunjukkan bahwa deteksi menggunakan citra
sinar-X menunjukkan hasil yang cukup akurat dengan waktu prediksi yang lebih cepat. Citra sinar-X yang
didominasi warna dalam jangkauan grayscale dapat dikatakan memiliki karakteristik yang berbeda jika
dibandingkan dengan citra secara umumsehingga dalam penelitian inieksperimendilakukan terhadap pelatihan
untuk kasus klasifikasi citra sinar-X dengan melatih model mulai dari awal (scratch). Namun seringkali model
Salah satu bentuk metode pretrainingyang dapatdigunakanadalah penggunaan autoencoder sebagai model untuk
rekonstruksi citra. Dalam penelitian inipelatihanmenggunakanpretraining autoencodermenghasilkan akurasi
terbaik sebesar 81,78% dengantambahan metode CutMix, color manipulation, dan rotation sebagai augmentasi.
Kami juga membuktikan bahwa penambahan pretraining autoencoder secara konsisten dapat meningkatkan
akurasi hingga 2,58% pada model yang dilatih dariawal (scratch).
Kata kunci: COvID-19, sinar-X, pretraining, autoencoder
COVID-19 DETECTION ON X-RAY IMAGES USINGDEEP AUTOENCODER AS PRE-TRAINING
Abstract
In early 2020, a new virus named COviD-19 was identified in Wuhan, China. This virus spreads to other
countries rapidly that in a short time WHO declared the virus as a pandemic. This virus attacks the respiratory
system and can cause complications for other diseases such as pneumonia, kidney failure, and death. COvID-19
virus detection generally uses laboratory tests with the RT-PCR method to get accurate results. Unfortunately,
this test takes a long time, which is around 24 hours to get the results. Apart from using the RT-PCR test, several
time. X-ray images that are constructed by grayscale color have different characteristics compared to the image
in common, thus experiments were carried out in this study focused on training the X-ray image classificatior
performance. One form ofpretraining method that can be used is by incorporating an unsupervised autoencoder
as a model for image reconstruction. In this study, training using pretraining autoencoder achieved the best
accuracy of 81.78% with the addition of the CutMix method, color manipulation, and rotation as augmentation.
We also proved that adding autoencoder pretraining can increase accuracy consistently by up to 2.58% in the
model trained from scratch..
Keywords: COvID-19, X-ray, pretraining, autoencoder
c. Reduces Family closeness: - Spending more time on chatting
increases the gap between users and their families. It damages user
conversation; reducing family gathers makes the children feel lonely and.
increase aggressiveness.
d. Causes Distraction: - The person who always uses the internet or
stays on his phone gets distracted by the world around him. They do not
know what the world is up to at which environment they are up to; up to 80
percent of the time people spend online rather than doing their job or any.
special task. Resultantly causing issues in the form of loss of productivity,
decreased performance, and costly mistakes.
e. Cyberbullying: - Cyberbullying has become increasingly a common
issue in our youth, as they harass someone through texting them by using
social sites. Bullying, including cyberbullying, causes psychological.
distress, including bullying victims, anxiety, fear, and low self-esteem.
it can be their picture, their home address, their phone number. Most
people(teenagers/students) use social media users in touch with their.
family and friends, but they are unaware of social media's security and
privacy settings. Due to unawareness, valuable information will be available
people and steal money by using different hacking strategies like Phishing,
Cyberbullying, and Identity theft.
These negative effects of social media is motivating my group members to.
conclude that social media is dangerous for adolescents..
1.6. Research problem:
The problem statement for this term paper is "Increased -social media uses
posits that adolescents are suffering from anxiety and depression due to
using social media for large times. Some of the Challenges regarding the
social network are discussed above:
1.7.Chapterisation:
This section of the term paper delves into the argument that social media is
presents evidence and analysis challenging the widespread assumption
that social media does not cause depression, only outside environment and
behaviour of adolescent make him depressed
2. Literature
Review:
.El-Badaway
[8] stated that youth surf a considerable portion of
their daily lives interacting with social sites. On an average
-adolescents are spending 6 - 8 hours on social media and Iess thar.
2 hours on study..
This affects their academic behaviour..
Figure 1 categorizes the group of ages into three parts i-e Young Ones, Students,
and Elders, and shows their interaction on social media.
Cabryl Jaclyn [9] wanted to find a relation between social
media uses and self-esteem. She had designed a questionaire
-based on life's generic activities and.
asked that questions with.
social media addicted adolescents..
Resultantly, they gave
negative suggestion with self-esteem. On the other hand,
non-addicted gave positive association..
Khurana N. [10] highlighted how social media's accessive use
affected the youth by evaluating positive and negative impacts. He
conducted some surveys and
concluded that social media is one
of the major reasons for.
cybercrime i.e. sharing personal
informatiopn. He also encountered
various fake accounts and.
harassment cases
Suleman et al. [11] described
the privacy threats,.
especially users in Online Social Networks
(OSN), that focus on
youngsters. He proposed that every time users
do not know
about what they are doing and keep on sharing their.
personal
information, which leads to the leakage of their vital information that
mostly leads to cybercrime..
Weiguo et al. [12] showed
that social media is not about.
connecting with all the people but also helpful for various skill and
expending business. According to his research, a strategy can be
developed for welfare of
businessman..
McCaffrey et al. [13]
presented various data collected from
different sources to.
understand or improve market intelligence and
business research..
Jayshree Jha[141, Neelam Jaipuria[15], Shivesh Jha[16], and
Priya Sinha[17] have conducted a survey. They concluded that
college students are mostly affected by social media. It provides
college students another world to make friends, also provides a good
way to release pressure. It also
affects grading of the students..
They suggested that an approach is.
needed to balance the
relationship between social media and academic.
study.
Prof. Prathamesh S. Nadkarni,
Prof. Sanket L.Charkha Prof.
Jayant B Kulkarni[18] had researched on.
" Positive and.
Negative Aspects of Social Media Impacting the Current Society'.
They concluded effects of social media on various life groups
including effects on adolescents. They encountered various fake
accounts and privacy leakages. Children most of the time involved in
messages and videos exchanging until late in the night, thus causing
their sleep deprivation and procrastination which is affecting their
academic progress.
Table
concluded that social media doesn't change anybody into an egoistic selfie holic
it only reveals them. While there may be too much personal broadcasting going on
through these sites that are not what they are all about. They can both genuinely
connect us and help us communicate more efficiently, or just feed our egos and our
need for others' approval. At the end, how we use it depends on our decisions..
Hafiz Burhan UI Haq, Haroon
Ur Rashid, Saba Khalil Toor,
Abdullah Mansoor[19] had surveyed on "
The Impact Of
Social Media". They provided various information about positive
impact such as platform for e-learning, Seamless Operation,
End-to-End Encryption
but they provide significant negative
effects which can't be denied some of them are distraction, laziness,
hysical sickness and s leep deprivation. They concluded that.
parents must be strategically distract their childen from social media.
be allowed to do outdoor activities
They should
Leslie Festus Cole[20]-
Showers had conducted a survey
on "The
impact of social media".
He concluded that most
students who have access to, and use social media, do so for non-
each day chatting with friends/
acquaintances. Moreover, they
want to feel connected, by removing
themselves from the
physical world and by going into worlds created
by the web 2.0
technology-
Qianhui Du[21] had surveyed
on " The Negative Impact of
Social Media on Adolescents". He researched on various aspects
and concluded that social media is the sole reason for negative
body Intentions and self evaluation among
adolescents. He
concluded that the emergence and pervasiveness of
social
media is a direct result of the rise in people's cultural and
psychological needs alongside the progress of society. It presents
of adolescence, when the mind and body are most vulnerable..
Teenagers' mental and physical well-being may be negatively.
affected
by the way they are portrayed on social media due to the.
pressure to
conform to unrealistic standards of beauty. He
suggested that the
media must pay closer attention to the content
on social media and
increase their resistance to obscene material
like pornography,
violence, and poor values because of the
need for a commercialized.
context. The media should highlight not
just the positive outcomes
of such coverage, but also the potential
drawbacks.
Abderrahman
M. Khalaf, Abdullah A. Alubied, Ahmed M.
Khalaf, Abdallah A.
Rifaey [22] had surveyed on " The Impact of
Social Media on the
Mental Health of Adolescents and Young
Adults". His research
indicate how specific social media interactions
may impair young
people's mental health. He expressed
apprehension that higher levels
of social media usage can cause
worse mental health outcomes,
increased risk of internalizing and
externalizing difficulties
(especially in females) and creating
body image problems and eating disordered among adolescents.
He also said that social media may be a risk factor for alcohol
consumption and associated consequences among adolescents
and young adults. he also concluded that social
media causes
poor mental health (by cyber bullying), sleep deprivation. He also
said 36% of adolescents claim they wake up at
least once over
the course of the night to check their electronic
devices, and
40% of adolescents say they use a mobile device within five.
minutes of going to bed in his research.
The impact of social media on
teenagers' mental well-being
is multifaceted. Research suggests a
link between social media
use and depression, but results remain inconclusive. Risks include
curated content exposure, cyberbullying,
and pressure to
conform. However, social media isn't universally
harmful; some
marginalized individuals find solace online. Teens.
engage actively
(posting, interacting) or passively (observing). Critics argue that strict
active/passive categorization
oversimplifies motivations
Conversations may be perceived as.
procrastination, but staying
informed about friends' lives matters. The crux lies in fostering social.
connections versus mere
information. Understanding these.
nuances is vital for assessing
digital technology's impact on
young minds. Researchers must navigate complexities to provide.
accurate insights into social media's effects on mental.
health.
3. ANALYSIS:
3.1 Methology:
A. Secondary data:
Studies were excluded if they crossed either boundary of the age range.
Studies measuring exposure to other internet activities such as
video-gaming were not included unless social media use was also
measured. Outcomes of substance misuse, eating disorder, well-being, life
satisfaction, self-esteem, body image problems, conduct disorders,
Ioneliness or stress were excluded, unless the outcomes of interest were
also measured by the researchers..
Prof. Prathamesh S. Nadkarni, Prof. Sanket L.Charkha Prof. Jayant B
Kulkarni[18] had researched on " Positive and Negative Aspects of Social
adolescents are using social media and for which purposes? Fig. 1 shows
usages of social media by adolescents.
Clearly, above data shows that out of 100 mobile owner adolescent, approx
73 adolescent spend their time on social networking site, 63 adolescent
games and 52 adolescents do commenting on blogs.
Ur Rashid, Saba Khalil Toor,
Hafiz Burhan UI Hag, Haroon
Abdullah Mansoor[19] had surveyed on ".
The Impact Of
Social Media"..
They collected data on various topics such as which
age group use
social site more then other?, which social site is.
very famous?,
etc.
According to them, Youths are more addicted (approx 100 out of 70
humans are youth.
He had researched on WhatsApp uses:.
It is considered part of the user's daily life due to restlessly relying on
WhatsApp because users share images, videos, notes, and songs and
increase enterprises' level. They conducted survey related to the usage
rate of WhatsApp among the Student level, business level, and
communication purpose.
According to their survey, Out of 100 shared media, approx 45 is for
entertainment purposes. But it is also very beneficial for students to
become up to date when they missed their classes. But most of the people
also think that Whatsapp is useless. Data is showed in Fig. 5 He
researched on the satisfactory of the parents. It means he wanted to know
that Whether parents satisfied by watching his children using social media
or not? Fig. 6 is showing the result..
Fig. 6 shows that only 2 % i.e. 100 out of only 2 parents was satisfied
according to their surveys..
Fig. 7 shows a survey
report which was conducted in.
amongs girl adolescent (age 11 - 15.
years). They
concluded
that nearly seven in ten girls reported having had
exposure to
helpful mental health content and information in real
life each
month. But on the flip side, just under half (45 percent)
said they
heard or saw harmful content about suicide or self-harm
while just
under four in ten (38 percent) said the same of harmful
content on
eating disorders.
Fig. 8
shows a survey report conducted to co relate social
media and depression. They concluded that depressed people use
social media
more often. According to them, 29% of those who.
engaged in at least
58 social media sessions had high depression.
symptoms, compared to
19% of those who engaged in 8 or fewer
social media sessions per
week. Similarly, only 16% of those who
engaged in 58 or more social
media sessions per week had low
depression symptoms, compared to 36%
of those who engaged
in 8 or fewer sessions per week.
Figure
shows the co relation between social media &
Ioneliness by Alice
in science education. According to survey,
Ioneliness. According to the researcher, those who limited their.
social media use to 10 minutes
per day per platform reported a
Ioneliness score of 33.5 On the
other hand, those who had no any
social media limitation, had scored.
more than 60. This was
measured with the UCLA Loneliness Score, on a.
scale of 20-80.
This was statistically significant.
Fig.10
is showing a survey report determining the impact of
social media on our health..
The databases Medline,.
Embase, PsychINFO, Cumulative
Index to Nursing and Allied Health (CINAHL) and Social Sciences.
Citation Index (SSCl) were systematically searched in May 2018. A.
set of search terms was
created with truncations, Medical
Subject Headings (MESH) and
Boolean operator.
We have to observed and analyse the survey report are given below in the.
table 2.
To
Age
Beck
Significant
Dumitrache
emphasize
theICross
76
under 16-17
relations
correlations
between
et al.
sectional
Depression
depression
and
(2012).
Inventory
the number
of
(Beck,
Ward,identity related
between
Mendelson,
Mock,
&pieces
of
Erbaugh,
information
on
depression
and
FB.
the
1961).
identity
outlined on FB.
To
No
Neira
Aged Depressed
investigate
theICross-sectio1819
meaningful
relationship
nal
Mood
Scalerelationship.
and
under
(Cronbach's a
=between SM use
Barber (2014).
13-17
0.76).
frequency
depressed
between
mood. A positive
association with
social
investment
in
media use
SM
and
depressed
mood.
PENDAHULUAN
gambar ini dapat membantu dalam menemukan
diagnosis dini untuk virus ini dengan lebih cepat dan
Pada 31 Desember 2019, sebuah kasus
akurat(DEBRABATA,
al.,
pneumonia yang tidak diketahui asalnya menyerang
2020).Meskidalampenghasilaninformasilebihcepat,
beberapa orang di kota Wuhan, China. Jenis
namununtuk melakukan CT Scan dibutuhkan biaya
pneumonia ini semakin banyak menyerang warga
yang mahal. Risiko terjadinya kanker pada pasien
seiring berjalannya waktu, sehingga pada tanggal 7
yang menggunakan CT juga meningkat dikarenakan
Januari 2020 China mengidentifikasi pneumonia
melibatkan lebih besar dosis penggunaan radiasi
yang tidak diketahui asalnya ini sebagai jenis baru
pengion dari prosedur pencitraan
sinar-X
dari
coronavirus dandisebutCoviD-19
konvensional(fotoRontgen)yang
lebih
(Coronavirus Disease 19)(HUANG, et al., 2020).
umum.Berbeda dengan sinar-X yang biayanya lebih
Setiap harinya semakin banyak manusia yang
terjangkau. Radiografi Sinar-X juga telah dipasang
terinfeksi oleh COvID-19, sampai akhirnya pada
di banyak daerah dari perkotaan hingga pedesaan
tanggal 30 Januari 2020 organisasi kesehatan dunia
dan di beberapa fasilitas kesehatan swasta yang
(WHO) menetapkan virus ini sebagai "Situasi
menjadikannya salah satu alternatif pencitraan
Darurat Global"' atau Public Health Emergency of
pertama yang dapat digunakan dalam pandemi
International Concern (PHEIC). Jumlah kasus
COVID-19 (DAI, et al., 2020).
COVID-19 menyebar cepat hingga ke beberapa
Sebuah pemanfaatan sistem kecerdasan buatan
negara di dunia. Sampai dengan 3 Maret 2020,
akan membantu proses deteksi dini COvID-19
secara global dilaporkan 90.870 kasus konfirmasi di
dengan
menggunakan
hasil
gambar
72 negara dengan 3.112 kematian (CFR
pemindaianmenggunakan sinar-X sehingga akan
3,4%)(KEMENTERIAN KESEHATAN REPUBLIK
membantu petugas medis dalam mempercepat waktu
INDONESIA, 2020). Semakin banyaknya kasus
diagnosis dan mendapatkan hasil yang akurat.
COVID-19di beberapa negara, akhirnya pada
Gambar hasil pemindaian sinar-X tersebut akan
tanggal 11 Maret 2020, WHO menetapkan virus ini
seseorang
terserang
dideteksi
COVID-19
sebagai pandemi yang sangat berbahaya bagi
pneumonia, atau sehat dengan menggunakan
kesehatan warga dunia.Virus ini menyebar dengan
klasifikasi citra. Dengan adanya solusi pendeteksi
sangat cepat antar manusia dan bisa menginfeksi
penggunaan masker tersebut maka bisa dibuat
manusia lainnya yang memiliki kontak erat dengan
sebuah sistem kecerdasan buatan menggunakan
yang terinfeksi. COvID-19memiliki gejala umum
arsitektur deep learning untuk melakukan klasifikasi
yang menandakan seseorang sedang terserang virus
citra yaitu Autoencoder..
ini atau tidak, gejala umum tersebut antara lain
Autoencoder merupakan salah satu jenis dari
demam (suhu tubuh diatas 38 derajat), batuk kering,
jaringan syaraf tiruan yang digunakan untuk
dan
sesak
napas(WORLD
HEALTH
mengurangi dimensi dari fitur (Dimensionality
ORGANIZATION, 2020). Pada kasus yang lebih
Reduction). Autoencoder seringdigunakan pada
parah infeksi COvID-19 bisa menyebabkan
kasus unsupervised learning, ketika sebuah citra
komplikasi seperti pneumonia, gagal ginjal, hingga
dimasukkan maka autoencoder akan merekonstruksi
kematian.
citra tersebut untuk menghasilkan citra yang sama
Tingkat berbahaya akibat dari COvID-19
pada output. Keuntungan dari unsupervised learning
inilah yang membuat para peneliti di dunia untuk
diantaranya yaitu tidak membutuhkan pelabelan
melakukan deteksi dini seseorang terserang
untuk melatih layer konvolusi, sedangkan data
COVID-19 atau tidak. Hal ini bertujuan agar para
kedepannya akan semakin bertambah dan akan
pasien penderita COvID-19 bisa ditangani dengan
memakan usaha serta biaya yang tinggi untuk
cepat sebelum virus ini menyerang pasien dengan
melabeli dan
melatih layer konvolusi
lebih kuat dan menyebar ke orang lain. Metode
tersebut.Autoencoder digunakan pada penelitian ini
diagnosis umum yang digunakan untuk deteksi
karena ketika melakukan pelatihan dari awal
COviD-19 pada saat ini adalah dengan
(scratch), sulit menemukan akurasi yang bagus, oleh
menggunakan RT-PCR, namun RT-PCR ini
karena itu perlu pelatihan tambahan, salah satunya
membutuhkan setidaknya 24 jam untuk memberikan
menggunakan pretrainingdenganautoencoder untuk
hasilnya dan ini tidak sepenuhnya akurat bahkan bisa
melakukan peningkatan data pada bagian encoder.
memerlukan tes RT-PCR kedua untuk memastikan
Pada penelitian ini autoencoder hanya digunakan
diagnosis(SALAMEH, LEEFLANG, HOOFT, &
pada proses encoder saja, hasil dari encoder yang
ISLAM, 2020). Cara Iain yang bisa dilakukan adalah
berupa latent akan dimasukkan pada Fully Conected
dengan melakukan pemindaian gambar Sinar-X dan
Layer yang selanjutnya akan dilakukan finetuning
Computed Tomography (CT), kedua pemindaian
klasifikasi pada proses tersebut. Hasil dari keluaran
and
depressed mood.
To
The
Mean
Hanprathet
theCross-sectioI832
Thai
Jinvestigate
Generalpositive
relationship
nal
Health
association
between
Questionnaire
between
et al.Facebook
age=16.5
(GHQ28;
Facebook
(2015).
addiction
years
Goldberg
and
&Iaddiction
and
mental
Williams,
depression.
health.
1988.
Grade=10th
to
12
th
The
To
Mean
Sampasa-Kanylexplore
theICross-sectio753
Kessler
(K-10)use
of
SNSs
relationship
nal
Scale (Kessler etmore
than
inga
SNSs
al., 2002, Kesslerhours
between
per
day
and
use
and
age=14.5
et al., 2003).
was related
tc
Lewis (2015). psychological
increased
distress.
level
of
psychological
distress.
Year
To
Youth
Mean
Tsitsika
investigate
theICross-sectio10,930
Self
Reportpositive
nal
(YSR)
associations
problemassociation
between heavier
age 14checklist
between heavier
etal.SNS use and
to 17
Achenbach
&SM use (more
(2014).
Resorta,
than 2 h/day)
internalizing
behaviours.
and internalizing
2001).
problems
(anxiety
and
depression).
An online survey was done for which a link was sent of the form created on
Google form, on WhatsApp. Open ended questions were asked. Few
side. After submitting the form the data was saved in a spreadsheet
media has influenced students.
.Eligibility
criteria:
For inclusion in this review, studies fulfilled the following eligibility criteria:
A)Participants: aged 10 to 20 year old.
B) Exposure:
measurement of social media use Outcome: depression, anxiety or
psychological distress, assessed by validated instruments.
Questionnaires along with Pie Charts and Tables are given below:
B. Primary Data:
Here, we investigate various factors, finding statistical links, uncovering
patterns and doing a thematic analysis based on the interviews are all part
participants. Our objective is to offer significant insights that can
significantly advance the field of research.
insights.
1.
Figure 1
Observation Result:.
The majority of the participants, amounting to 70.5% fall within the age
group 10 - 20 years of age. On the other hand, 25.4% are from the 20-30 age
group, while 3.6 belong to the 40-50 age groups, respectively.
Figure 2
Observation Result:
Also, the data shows that the vast majority of respondents (88.5%) are male,
followed by females (11.5%)
Figure 3
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question 'How often
do you use social media?', it is evident that out of 100,approx 89.3 respondent use
it daily, in contrast remaining 10.7 respondent use it ocassionally, rarely or several
times a week. These findings suggest that most of the adolescent daily spend their
time on social sites.
4.
Figure
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question " On
average, how many hours per day do you spend on social media platform.".
it is evident that out of 100,approx 50 respondent spend more than 5 hours, in
contrast approx 12, 12,18 and 8 respondent spend 4 - 5 hr, 3 - 4 hr, 2 - 3 hr
respectively on social media. These findings suggest that most of the adolescent
5.
Figure 5
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the bar graph, According to the question "
Which social media platforms do you use most frequently? ", it is evident
that out of 122, 116 adolescents are using Whatsapp, remaining 82,106, 82, 108
adolescents spend their time on Facebook, Instatgram, Snapchat and Youtube,
respectively. These findings suggest that most of the adolescent spend their time on
Whatsapp, Snapchat and Youtube.
Figure 6
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question " Do
you ever feel bad about yourself after looking at social media? ", it is evident.
that out of 100,83 respondents feel bad about themselves and remaining 17
respondents, don't feel bad. These findings suggest that most of the adolescent feel
bad about themselves after using social media, It is a case of bad mental health.
7.
Figure 7
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
of 100,51 respondents often compare their life with life shown in social
media, in contrast 8 respondents always compare their life, 30 respondents
sometimes compare their life while remaining 10 respondents rarely or.
nevervcompare their life from reel world. These findings suggest that most of the
8.
Figure 8
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
of 100, 60 respondents are often pressurised for presenting a perfect
presurized, 7 respondents always pressurised and remaining 11.
Figure 9
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
of 100,74 rspondents follow account..
10.
Figure 10
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
of 100, 66 respondents sometimes see cyberbullying. 11 and 16
cyberbullying everyday and remaining 17 respondents rarely or never
witnessed the cyberbullying.
11.
Figure 11
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
of 100,68 respondents witnessed the cyberbullying at least once in his life
and remaining 32 haven't..
12.
Figure 12
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
of 100, 81 respondents believe that social media is making him alone while
remaining 19 respondents rejects this opinion.
13.
Figure 13
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
of 100, 86 experienced bad sleep cycle while 14 respondents don't. These
findings suggest that most of the adolescent feeled tired during daytime due to
inappropriate sleep causes by using social media.
14.
Figure 14
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
mood while 13 respondents don't. These findings suggest that most of the.
adolescent are spending too much time on social site, as a result they become
depressed and take break from social site..
15.
Figure 15
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the bar graph, According to the question, out
of 100, 54 respondents are satisfied by their social life, while remaining 7,
17 and 19 respondents are unhappy with their social life. These findings may.
suggest that most of the adolescent feel that their fake world (social media world)
is most important. Their online world is good so they feel that their social life is
good. On the other hand, remaining may be depressed due to bad online world or
they are good in fake world but their real world relationship isnot good..
16.
Figure 16
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
adolescent feel that they are alone in this world. No one is in this world for hearing
him and they can take a wrong step (like suicide, drugs,etc.).
17.
Figure 17
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
of 100,67 respondents are not depressed but 33 respondents are feeling
depressed.
18.
Figure 18
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the bar graph, According to the question, out
of 122, 65 respondent feel that their depression level is not very high, in
adolescents mental health is very bad. They can take wrong measures..
19,
Figure 19
Observed Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out
of 100, 87 respondents encountered depressed people while 12 haven't.
adolescents.20. Observed Result:
Bar graph is showing the symptoms which responbdents have absorbed in the
deppressed people.
3.2 Variables:
Fadhil Y.R, dkk, Deteksi Covid-19 pada Citra Sinar-X... 3
(output)fully conected layer inilah yang nanti bisa
ZHU, & ALI,
2020).Penggunaan supervised
menghasilkan klasifikasi citra sinar-X antara
learning akan menyulitkan karena dimasa yang akan
seseorang terserang COVID-19, pneumonia, atau
datang, data akan semakin bertambah banyak dan itu
sehat.
akan memerlukan waktu dan usaha yang cukup besar
Tulin Ozturk dan Muhammed Talo (2020)
untuk melakukan pemberian Iabel pada data dan
melakukan penelitian dan dataset yang sama
melakukan
pelatihan untuk
keseluruhan
menggunakan model Darknet dan mendapatkan hasil
arsitekturnya. Penggunaan unsupervised learning
akurasi 98.08% pada binary classification yaitu
pada penelitian ini akan memberikan keuntungan
COviD-19 dan Normal. Serta mendapatkan
karena tidak membutuhkan pelabelan untuk melatih
akurasi87.02% untuk multiclass classfication yaitu
Iayer konvolusi.Namundemikian, jenis unsupervised
COVID-19, Pneumonia, dan Normal. Hasil tersebut
learning
didapatkan dengan menerapkan 17 layer konvolusi
lebihmenantangdikarenakanseringkalimenghasilkana
dan menggunakan filter yang berbeda pada setiap
kurasi
lebihrendahdaripadasupervised
layer(OZTURK, et al., 2020).Novanto Yudistira,
learningdikarenakantidakadanyasupervisi.
Agus Wahyu, dan Bayu Rahayudi (2020) juga
Penelitiansebelumnyatentang model unsupervised
melakukan penelitian serupa, pada penelitian
learningberbasisstacked-autocencoderuntukdeteksi
tersebut melakukan pengujian dan membandingkan
COyID-19hanvadilatih pada set data citra CT
antara 3 model yaitu ShuffleNet, EfficientNet, dan
dengan 2 kelas(LI, FU, & XU, 2020). Sedangkan
ResNet50 dengan CNN FullConv. Dan didapatkan
pada penelitian yang kami lakukan, Autoencoder
akurasi sebesar 86.93% pada model CNN FullConv
dilatih pada citra X-ray dengan 3 kelasyaitu
dengan jumlah parameter model yang lebih kecil
Pneumonia,
COVID-19,
18.55 kali dari EfficientNet, 22.36 kali lebih kecil
tentunyalebihmenantanguntukdieksplorasilebihlanjut
dari ResNet50 untuk mendeteksi 3 kelas yaitu
COVID-19,Pneumonia, dan Normal(YUDISTIRA,
WIDODO, & RAHAYUDI, 2020).Shervin Minaee
METODE PENELITIAN
(2020) melakukan penelitian serupa menggunakan
citra X-ray dada dan perbandingan terhadap
2.1
Dataset dan Preprocessing
beberapa arsitektur yang berbeda yaitu ResNet18,
Pada penelitian ini, dataset yang digunakan
ResNet50, SqueezeNet, dan DenseNet-121. Hasil
adalah dataset citra sinar-X COvID-19 sebanyak
1125 citra yang terbagi atas 3 kelas. Dari 1125 citra
mendapatkan nilai sensitivity rate kurang lebih 98%
terdapat 125 citra pasien positif COvID-19, 500
dan specificity rate 90%(MINAEE, KAFIEH,
citra No_findings (Normal), dan 500 citra
SONKA,
YAZDANI, & JAMALIPOUR
Pneumonia. Dataset tersebut dapat diunduh di
2020).Iqbal Khan (2020) mengusulkan sebuah
alamat
model baru yang diberi nama CoroNet, model ini
https://github.com/muhammedtalo/COVID-19.
berbasis pada arsitektur Xception yang telah
Contoh dari dataset ini dapat dilihat pada 0 di bawah
dilakukan pre-trained pada dataset ImageNet. Pada
yang menunjukkan citra paru-paru terpapar
penelitian tersebut menghasilkan nilai akurasi 89.6%
COVID-19,
kondisi
normal,
dan
terpapar
untuk 4 label yaitu (COvID-19, pneumonia
Pneumonia.
bacterial, pneumonia viral, dan normal) serta
mendapatkan nilai akurasi 95% untuk 3 label yaitu
(COVID-19, pneumonia, dan normal) (KHAN
SHAH, & BHAT, 2020). Harsh Panwar (2020) juga
melakukan penelitian yang sama, pada penelitian
tersebut mengusulkan sebuah arsitektur baru yang
diberi nama nCOVnet. Pada hasil akhir mendapatkan
akurasi sebesar 93% dan ketika dilakukan pengujian
(3)
mendapatkan hasil prediksi sekitar 97% kebenaran
Gambar 1 Citra paru-paru yang (1) terpapar COVID-19, (2)
untuk ~cOvID-19 ~dan 98.67% untuk normal
kondisi normal, (3) terpapar pneumonia(YUDISTIRA, WIDODO,
(PANWAR, GUPTA, SIDDIQUI, MENENDEZ, &
& RAHAYUDI, 2020)
SINGH, 2020).
Ada 2 proses tahapan preprocessing yang
Perbedaan
yang
penelitian
dilakukan dalam penelitian ini, yaitu normalisasi dan
sebelumnya
dengan
adalah
augmentasi data. Normalisasi data adalah salah satu
penggunaan model atau arsitektur yang digunakan.
Selain itu, pada penelitian terdahulu banyak
proses pengolahan data yang sangat penting untuk
membuat nilai data berada dalam suatu rentang
yangsepenuhnyahanya
menerapkan
supervised
learning(TURKOGLU,
tertentu dengan tujuan membantu proses pelatihan
2021)(ABBAS,
ABDELSAMEA, &
GABER, 2021)(TARESH,
menjadi jauh lebih cepat. Augmentasi data adalah
The independent variable for hypothesis are availability of internet,
availability of electronic device, privacy policy of application and website,
busy schedule.
The dependent variable is usage of social mediaWe know that independent variable
is those variable which is independent and dependent variable is those variable
which depends on independent variable. On changing independent variable, we can
cahnge dependent variable.
We can increase or decrease uses of social media by changing the things which are
suggested in independent variable..
3.Present
Justification:
The intersection of social media and adolescent mental health is a
multifaceted issue. While social media platforms offer avenues for
self-expression and social support, they also present challenges that can
affect well-being. Studies have identified various mechanisms through
problems, although the direction of causality is not always clear.
Furthermore, the prevalence of multitasking on social media platforms has
been linked to symptoms of mental disorders, suggesting a potential strain
on cognitive resources and emotional well-being.
Another significant influence is the quality of social support obtained
through online interactions. While social media can facilitate connections
and reduce feelings of social isolation, the nature of these interactions
levels of depression and anxiety, highlighting the potential positive impact
of meaningful connections in digital spaces. However, experiences of
negative online interactions, such as cyberbullying or comparison-induced
envy, can exacerbate mental health issues..
Adolescents, in particular, may be vulnerable to the adverse effects of
self-regulation and susceptibility to peer influence can make them more
susceptible to negative online experiences. Additionally, the process of
identity formation during adolescence often involves social comparison,
which may be intensified in the context of social media.
3.3.1 Relationship between social media and mental health:
mental health is ongoing, it remains an evolving field. Previous studies.
complex interplay of individual differences, online experiences, and
approaches to comprehensively address this issue.
3.4 Current study:
This systematic review examined evidence for the influence of social media
use on depression, anxiety and psychological distress in adolescents. The
intention was to inform policy and practice and to indicate further research
on this topic.
3.5 Limitation:
A. Third-Variable Problem:
The hypothesis may overlook
the influence of third
variables that could explain the relationship
between social media
usage and anxiety/depression.
Factors such as family dynamics, socioeconomic status,
academic pressure, and genetic predispositions may confound the
relationship, making it difficult
to isolate the effects of social.
media alone.
B. Limited Survey Questions:.
A survey with a narrow range
of questions may fail to.
capture the complexity and nuances of adolescents' experiences
with social media
Important factors influencing social media usage and its effects
such as frequency of use, types of platforms used, and specific
behaviors exhibited online, may not.
be adequately addressed.
C. Respondents Filling Survey Without Reading:.
Some respondents may complete the survey without.
thoroughly reading or understanding the
questions, leading to
inaccurate or unreliable responses..
D. Uneven Distribution of Age Groups:.
An uneven distribution of age
groups, particularly between
ages 10 to 20 years, can skew the.
demographic representation
of the surveyed population.
This uneven distribution may
result in overrepresentation
or underrepresentation of certain age
cohorts, making it
challenging to draw meaningful conclusions about adolescents'
well-being.
social media usage patterns and their effects on.
This phenomenon, known as
"response acquiescence,"
can bias survey results and compromise the validity of the data
collected.
Overall, these limitations highlight the need for caution when interpreting
the findings of a survey conducted under such circumstances.
Researchers should consider these limitations and their potential impact
on the validity and generalizability of the survey results. Additionally,
efforts to address these limitations, such as increasing sample size,
diversifying survey questions, and ensuring respondent comprehension,
3.6 StatisticalAnalysis:
To examine whether and by how much associations between social media
use and depressive symptoms were explained by markers of online.
regression models, adding and removing variables in separate blocks of.
adjustment, as follows:
Model 0 - social media use plus confounders (family income, family.
structure, age, internalising symptoms at age 11)
Model 1 - M0 plus online harassment
Model 2 - M0 plus sleep quantity and quality (sleep hours, latency and
disruption)
Model 3 - M0 plus self-esteem
Model 4 - M0 plus body image (happy with appearance and body weight
satisfaction)
The potential a prioriy moderating effect of gender on the social media use
and depressive symptoms relationship was tested for (using Wald t-tests)
by adding in a gender by social media use interaction term to Model 0 (p <
0.05). The regression model findings are therefore presented for girls and
sleep, self-esteem and body image as mediators between social media use.
and log depressive symptoms, by showing the significance of social media
Path models were then estimated to quantify the hypothesised explanatory
pathways between social media use and mental health (see Fig. 1). A first
model allowed all paths to differ by gender. Wald tests then assessed the
account for the 75 tests. In the second model, all non-significantly different
estimated using the generalised structural equation model, GsEM
command in Stata, which allows for the continuous, binary, categorical and
ordered measures to be modelled using linear, Iogistic, multinomial and.
ordinal logistic specifications, respectively. All analyses were
carried out using Stata version 15.1 (Stata Corp). Survey weights
were applied throughout to take account of the unequal probability
of being sampled.
depressive symptoms in young people the flow chat are given
below:
:FLOW CHAT:
4.Discussion:
4.1 Does Social Media Have a Negative Impact on
Adolescents and Young Adults?.
Ans- Adults frequently blame the media for the problems that younger.
generations face, conceptually bundling different behaviours and patterns
of use under a single term when it comes to using media to increase
acceptance or a feeling of community. The effects of social media on
mental health are complex, as different goals are served by different
behaviours and different outcomes are produced by distinct patterns of use.
The numerous ways that people use digital technology are often
disregarded by policymakers and the general public, as they are seen as
"generic activities" that do not have any specific impact. Given this, it is
crucial to acknowledge the complex nature of the effects that digital
technology has on adolescents' mental health. This empirical uncertainty is
how technology is used. Self-reports are the most commonly used method
because self-reports are based on people's own perceptions of their
Ievels that have been objectively verified.
The findings of this research have frequently been difficult to interpret, with
many of them suggesting that using social media may have a somewhat
negative but significantly damaging impact on one's mental health. There
is a growing corpus of research that is attempting to provide a more
in-depth understanding of the elements that influence the development of
mental health, social interaction, and emotional growth in adolescents.
4.2 The Dangers That Come With Young Adults Utilizing.
Social Media?
substantial impact on the onset and maintenance of psychopathology in
more frequent, intense, and rapid than in real life. Previous research has
identified a few distinct types of peer interactions that can take place online
also known as cyber victimization, has been shown to relate to greater
rates of self -inflicted damage, suicidal ideation, and a variety of other
internalizing and externalizing issues. Additionally, young people may be
platforms. This can take the form of being rejected by peers, engaging in
online fights, or being involved in drama or conflict. Peer influence
processes may also be amplified among teenagers who spend time online,
where they have access to a wider diversity of their peers as well as
content that could be damaging to them. If young people are exposed to
information on social media that depicts risky behaviour, their likelihood of
drugs) may increase. It may be simple to gain access to online materials
that deal with self-harm and suicide, which may result in an increase in the
risk of self-harm among adolescents who are already at risk.
comparison and depressed symptoms in adolescents, according to studies
When determining how the use of technology impacts the mental health of
adolescents, it is essential to consider the issue of displacement. This
refers to the question of what other important activities are being replaced
rhythms of children and adolescents have a substantial bearing on both
their physical and mental development.
4.3 Gains From Social Media?
Ans-Even though most of the debate on young people and new media has
centered on potential issues, the unique features of the social media
present opportunities for humor and entertainment, identity formation, and
creative expression. More mobile devices than ever before are in the hands
of teenagers, and they are using social media at never-before-seen levels.
drawn to digital devices and the affordances they offer, as well as their.
are interacting with digital technology for longer periods of time, so it is
critical to comprehend the effects of this usage and use new technologies
to promote teens' mental health and well-being rather than hurt it..
Considering the ongoing public discussion, we should instead emphasize
that digital technology is neither good nor bad in and of itself
Connecting with friends and family is usually cited by teenagers as the
main benefit of social media, and prior research typically supports the
used to increase acceptance or a feeling of community by providing
adolescents with opportunities to connect with others who share their.
interests, beliefs, and experiences. Diqital media has the potential to
improve adolescent mental health in a variety of ways, including
cutting-edge applications in medical screening, treatment, and prevention.
significance of digital media in their life. An expanding corpus of research
suggests that teenagers' use of social media may have an impact on their.
the digital media landscape is changing.
5. Conclusion:
The impact of social media use on incidence of depression, anxiety
and psychological distress among adolescents, as examined by this
review, is likely to be multifactorial. It is important to distinguish
between the terms used for the relationship. It is fair to say that there
problems, on the basis that this means a socially constructed reality.
investigate correlations rather than accepting socially assumed truths.
Correlation is statistical, not phenomenal. Thirdly, there is causation,
which requires directional evidence. The latter has not been.
adequately investigated in this topic, and we must, therefore, state
that the relationship is correlational but not conclusively causative.
Key findings of included studies were classified into four categories of.
exposure to social media: time spent; activity; investment; and
addiction. All these categories were found as correlated with
depression, anxiety and psychological distress, with an
acknowledgement for the complexity of these relationships. Although
there are studies which investigated mediating and moderating
factors that may contribute or exacerbate the proposed relationship,
there are still several underexplored mediators and moderators,
which may explain the direction of this relationship. We also identified
gaps in literature in terms of methods, study design and sampling..
Causality was unclear due to the cross-sectional study design used in
almost all studies and the lack of comparison group in the cohort
study. Also, the number of quantitative studies in literature is
addressing the gaps and highlighting the importance of the.
phenomenon of the mental health impact of social media use on.
adolescents.
Future research should utilize prospectively collected data with
repeated measures to establish causal relationships and provide a
more comprehensive understanding of the relationship between
social media use and mental health. Further investigation is needed
to examine the role of emotional investment in time spent online, fear.
of missing out, and the timing of online activities on adolescents'
mental health.
the use of convenience sampling in some studies limited the
representativeness of and generalizability to a larger adolescent.
population. Third, all studies included in this review used self-report.
measures which may not provide reliable outcomes because of some
sources of risk of bias. Participants may show positive
media-related behaviours and some mental health-related items,
which may directly or indirectly lead to social desirability bias,
information bias and reporting bias. Another identified limitation was
that some studies made an investigation towards only Facebook use
over other social media sites, which also causes a significant bias
and limits the generalizability of findings to other social media sites.
Finally, despite the fact that the proposed relationship between social
media-related variables, depression, anxiety and psychological
distress is complex, few studies investigated mediating factors that
proses pengolahan data juga yang berguna untuk
ini dapat membantu jaringan agardapat fokus belajar
memanipulasi data tanpa kehilangan esensi data
ke fitur penting (lebih informatif) sehingga hasil
tersebut. Hasil dari proses augmentasi adalah
sejumlah variasi data tambahan yang dapat
dan dapat menggeneralisasi data baru dengan lebih
mengoptimalkan performa pelatihan dari model deep
baik.
learning (Wang & Perez, 2017). Pada penelitian ini,
2.3.1
Mixup
normalisasi data menggunakan nilai rata-rata dan
Mixup merupakan salah satu solusi untuk
standar deviasi
secara
manual, sedangkan
mengatasi masalah overfitting. Cara kerja dari
augmentasi data menggunakan metode transformasi
mixupyaitu dengan melatih jaringan syaraf dengan
data yaitu fungsi ColorJitter atau pengaturan warna
kombinasi pasangan fitur dan targetnya. Sehingga,
(brightness,
saturation,
hue),
fungsi
mixupdapat mengatur jaringan syaraf untuk dapat
RandomHorizontalFlip atau rotasi.
mengenali perilaku linier sederhana dalam pelatihan.
Pada beberapa eksperimen yang telah diterapkan
2.2
Model Arsitektur
pada kumpulan data ImageNet-2012, CIFAR-10,
Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) adalah
CIFAR-100, Google, dan UCI menunjukkan bahwa
salah satu metode klasifikasi dalam bidang deep
mixupdapat meningkatkan kemampuan generalisasi
learning yang memiliki operasi konvolusi untuk
arsitektur jaringan syaraf yang canggih. Pada
mengekstraksi fitur dari data input. CNN terbagi atas
dua tahapan utama yaitu feature learning dan
mengurangi pengenalan label yang tidak lengkap,
classification. Pada tahapan pertama terdiri dari
dan
pelatihan
menstabilkan
adversarial
convolution layer, ReLU (fungsi aktivasi) dan
generatifnetworks (ZHANG, CISSE, DAUPHIN, &
pooling layer, sedangkan pada tahap kedua terdiri
LOPEZ-PAZ, 2018). Ilustrasi hasil augmentasimixup
dari flatten, fully-connected layer, dan hasil prediksi.
dapat dilihat pada 0.
Pada setiap bagian tahapan terdapat dua proses
utama, yaitu feed-forward dan backpropagation.
Ada 2 model arsitektur dari CNN yang
digunakan dalam penelitian ini yang bertujuan untuk
merekonstruksi citra sinar-X COvID-19, yaitu
model AlbuNet dan ResNet. Model AlbuNet
merupakan modifikasi dari model LinkedNet dengan
model ResNet sebagai versi dari proses
Label
1.0.
[0.0. 1.0]
[0.7, 0.
autoencoder(SHVETS, IGLOVIKOV, RAKHLIN,
& KALININ, 2018). ResNet atau Residual Neural
Gambar 2. Ilustrasi Mixup(RUGERY, 2020)
Network merupakan salah satu arsitektur yang cukup
populer dan memiliki berbagai macam jenis
2.3.2
CutMix
arsitektur, mulai dari 18, 34, 50, 101, sampai 152
CutMix merupakan salah satu jenis augmentasi.
layer (He., 2016). Berdasarkan jenis arsitektur
data image yang pada prosesnya melakukan cut dan
tersebut, ResNet-18 yang hanya memiliki 18-layer
paste pada bagian acak (piksel) pada sebuah data
dipilih sebagai model untuk melakukan proses
latih citra. Sebuah citra asli (ground truth) akan
autoencoder dikarenakan keterbatasan hardware dan
disatukan dengan citra yang lain agar menghasilkan
waktu pengerjaan peneliti.
gambar yang menjadi 1 antara 2 citra. CutMix
diusulkan untuk menggantikan salah satu metode
2.3
MixedSampleDataAugmentation
regional dropout yang mengganti suatu bagian dari
Dalam pelatihan model jaringan syaraf
citra dengan piksel hitam.
seringkali ditemukan fenomena overfitting di mana
Hal ini bisa menghilangkan informasi penting.
model terlalu cepat belajar pada data latih namun
yang terdapat dalam citra tersebut, oleh karena itu
tidak dapat fokus ke suatu fitur penting tertentu. Hal
daripada menghilangkan salah satu bagian dari citra
ini menyebabkan setelah model konvergen terhadap
lebih baik mengganti bagian yang dihilangkan
data latih, model tidak dapat menggeneralisasi data
tersebut dengan image yang lain secara proporsional
baru di luar data latih (seperti data validasi maupun
agar suatu model bisa lebih fokus pada bagian yang
data uji) dengan baik. Masalah overfitting ini salah
tidak terlalu diskriminatif pada objek(SANGDOO, et
satunya dapat ditangani dengan cara menambah
al., 2019). CutMix dinilai dapat meningkatkan
metode augmentasi terhadap data.
kemampuan localization dari objek yang
Mixed Sample Data Augmentation sendiri
diklasifikasikan, oleh karena itu CutMix cocok untuk
adalah metode augmentasi dengan menggabungkan
beberapa kasus seperti deteksi objek. Ilustrasi hasil
fitur-fitur yang dimiliki beberapa data menjadi satu.
augmentasi Cutmix dapat dilihat pada 0.
Fitur-fitur yang dikombinasikan dari beberapa data
are needed to explain the underlying factors that help determine why
health whereas it has no or positive affect on others' mental health..
6. References:
7. Appendices.1: Survey Questionnaire:.
1.
How often do you use social media platforms (e.g., Instagram,
Snapchat, Facebook, Josh)?.
2.
Which social media platforms.
do you use most frequently?
3.
On average, how many hours
per day do you spend on.
social media platform.
4.
Do you ever feel bad about yourself after looking at social
media?
How often do you compare your life to what you see on social
5.
media?
6.
How often do you feel pressure for presenting a perfect image.
of yourself on social media? How often do you feel pressure for.
presenting a perfect image of yourself on social media?
7.
Do you follow any accounts that make you feel bad about
yourself or your body?
How often do you see negative.
comments or cyberbullying
8.
on social media?
comments directed towards you on social.
media?
Do you find that social media
10.
makes you feel more
isolated or lonely?
Have you noticed any changes
in your mood or sleep
11.
patterns since using social media more frequently?
12.
Do you ever feel the need to take breaks from social media to.
improve your mood?
Appendix.2: List information:
Hoge E, Bickham D, Cantor J.
Digital media, anxiety, and
depression in children. Pediatrics. 2017; 140: S76. Doi:
http://doi.org/10.1542/peds.2016-1758G
2.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Social media
https://dx.doi.orq/10.1080/08039480802315640?utm medium=email
&utm source=transaction
Martinsen EW: Physical
activity in the prevention and
Nord J Psychiatry. 2008,
treatment of anxiety and depression.
-email&utm source=transaction
5.
Ulvi O, Karamehic-Muratovic
A, Baghbanzadeh M, Bashir
A, Smith J, Haque U: Social media use and
mental health: a global
analysis. Epidemiologia (Basel). 2022, 3:11-25..
10.3390/epidemiologia3010002
6.
Social Media and
Depressive Symptoms in Childhood
and Adolescence: A Systematic Review
https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s40894-017-0053-4
Smartphones, social media
7.
use and youth mental
health
T.
A. El-Badawy and Y. Hashem, The Impact of Social Media.
on the.
Academic Development of School Students,l International
Journal of
Business Administration, vol. 6, no. 1, pp. 46- 46, 2014.
[Online].
9.
J.
Cabral, -Is generation Y addicted to social media,l Future of.
children, vol. 2, no. 1, pp. 5-14, 2008
10.
K.
N, -The Impact of Social Networking Sites on the Youth,l
Journal
of Mass Communication & Journalism, vol. 05, no. 12, pp. 1-4,.
2015. [Online]. Available: 10.4172/2165-7912.1000285; https:.
//dx.doi.org/10.4172/2165-7912.1000285
T. S. T. Suleman, pp. 8-8, 2017.l User Trust on Online Social
11.
Network on the basis of security and privacyl. IJECI, 1(1), pp: 8-8.
12.
W. Fan and M. D. Gordon, -The power of social media
analytics,! Communications ofthe ACM, vol. 57, no. 6, pp. 74-81, 2014.
[Online]. Available:
10.1145/2602574;https://dx.doi.org/10.1145/2602574
13.
D. F. Mccaffrey, G. Ridgeway, and A. R, -Big data and social.
media
analytics,l Psychological Methods, vol. 9, pp. 403- 425, 2014.
14.
Jayshree Jha Research Scholar,MCA Thakur Institute of
ManagementStudies, Career Development and Research (TIMSCDR).
International Conference on Advances in Information Technology and
Management ICAIM - 2016.
15.
Neelam Jaipuria Research Scholar,MCA Thakur Institute of
Management
Studies, Career Development and Research (TIMSCDR).
Information Technology and Management ICAIM -- 2016.
16.
Shivesh Jha Research Scholar, MCA Thakur Institute of
Management
Studies, Career Development and Research (TIMSCDR),
Information Technology and Management ICAIM - 2016.
17.
Priya Sinha Assistant Professor Thakur Institute of.
Management
Studies, Career Development and Research (TIMSCDR)
,Information
Technology and Management ICAIM - 2016.
18.
Prof. Prathamesh S. Nadkarni, Prof. Sanket L.Charkha Prof. Jayant B
Kulkarni, Assistant Professor1, 2, 3 Department of Management
Studies2 JSPM, Narhe Technical Campus1, 3, Smt. Kashibai Navale
College of Engineering2 Corresponding Author's Email:
nadkarni.prathamesh21@gmail.com1
. Hafiz Burhan UI Haq, Haroon.
Ur Rashid, Saba Khalil Toor,.
19.
Abdullah Mansoor, Lahore
Garrison Education System, Lahore'
Pakistan, Article in
International Journal of Scientific & Technology
Research: February 2021.
20.
: Leslie Festus Cole- Showers, 1st Class degree Bachelor of
Mass Communication, with honors, Fourah Bay College,
Arts in
University of
Sierra Leone.
21.
Qianhui Du, Faculty of Arts, University of Ottawa, Ottawa,
Ontario,
Canada, K1N 6N5 a. dqhulike@gmail.com, Article in the
International Conference on Interdisciplinary
Humanities and
Communication Studies DOI: 10.54254/2753-7048/6/20220346
22.
Abderrahman
M. Khalaf, Abdullah A. Alubied, Ahmed
Rifaey,.
M. Khalaf, Abdallah A.
Psychiatry Department, Saudi
Commission for Health Specialties, Ministry of Health, Riyadh, SAU 2
College of Medicine, Imam
Mohammad Ibn Saud Islamic University,
Riyadh, SAU 3. College of.
Medicine, Almaarefa University, Riyadh
SAU, Article in Open Access
Review, D0I: 10.7759/cureus.42990
23.
https://www.statista.com/chart/30579/us-survey-girls-of-exposure-to-harmfu
l-social-media-content/..
(pg 18 chart)
24.
Fig. 8&9,3
Charts I Social Media Use and Depression
(clearvuehealth.com)
Visualized Science
Fig.I
10 https://thrivemyway.com/social-media-stats/
25.
Fadhil Y.R, dkk, Deteksi Covid-19 pada Citra Sinar-X... 5
RcsNct-50_Mixup[48] _Cutout [3]]
CutMix
Image
Gambar 3.Hlustrasi Perbedaan Hasil AugmentasiMixup, Cutout,
dan Cutmix(SANGDOO, et al., 2019)
Ior f in fold
2.3.3
FMix
FMix adalah salah satu bentuk metode
Augmentasi Citra
augmentasi di mana teknik masking yang dihasilkan
adalah hasil dari Fourier space secara acak.
Pelatihan.
l autoencode
Sehingga hasil masking berbentuk secara tidak
teratur namun nilainya berkelanjutan dengan
fitur-fitur di sekitarnya sehingga fitur tersebut tetap
Pelatihan Classfier
terjaga korelasinya dengan fitur di sekitarnya,
khususnya untuk data yang berjenis citra di mana
tiap piksel dapat berkorelasi kuat dengan piksel di
sekitarnya. Pada penelitian yang sudah dilakukan
sebelumnya, secara umum FMix dapat menghasilkan
model dengan performa yang lebih baik dibanding
metode MSDA yang sudah ada sebelumnya, seperti
Mixup dan CutMix (HARRIS, et al., 2020). Ilustrasi
hasil augmentasi FMix dapat dilihat pada 0..
Grey-scale
Gambar 5FlowchartTahapPelatihan
Binary
Pelatihan model dilakukan menggunakan
platform Google Colab dengan akselerasi GPU
(Graphical Processing Unit) untuk mempercepat
Image 1
proses komputasi. Proses pelatihan model
Image 2
sekitar 8 sedangkan proses pelatihan model
klasifikasi untuk 1 fold memakan waktu sekitar 30
FMix
menit dengan jumlah 100 epoch menggunakan
platform Google Colab. Platform ini menyediakan
hardware dengan spesifikasi 2vCPU @ 2.2Ghz,
13GB RAM, dan GPU Nvidia K80/T4/P4/ P100.
Gambar 4.IlustrasiFMix(HARRIS, et al., 2020)
Selain itu, pelatihan model menggunakan platform
Google Colab juga bertujuan untuk mensimulasikan
2.4
Tahap Pelatihan
proses inferensi untuk deteksi dini menggunakan
Pada penelitian ini, pelatihan model dilakukan
platform yang mudah dijangkau.
Sedangkan
dengan dan tanpa arsitekturAutoencoder dengan
perangkat lunak yang digunakan pada penelitian ini
pembagian dataset menggunakan metode K-fold
yaitu Python 3.6 dan Pytorch 1.8..
crossvalidation sebelum dilakukannya pemrosesan
2.4.1 TahapPelatihanAutoencoder
untuk augmentasi, pelatihan, dan classifier. Ilustrasi
tahapan pelatihan dapat dilihat pada 0.
Autoencoderadalah jenis arsitektur jaringan
syaraf di mana terdiri dari bagian encoder dan
decoder. Ukuran keluaran dari encoder umumnya
Iebih kecil dari ukuran masukannya, sedangkan
ukuran keluaran pada decoder umumnya lebih besar
dari ukuran masukannya. Pada arsitektur
autoencoder ukuran masukannya sama dengan
ukuran keluarannya. Dalam penelitian ini, kami
menggunakan jenis task rekonstruksi citra untuk
tahap
pelatihan autoencoder. Pembelajaran
rekonstruksi citra adalah pelatihan yang bertujuan
untuk
mempelajari
data
masukan
dan
merekonstruksi terhadap data masukan tersebut
2015).Hlustrasi dari residual connection pada
fitur.Pada
sebagai
pengurangan
dimensi
arsitektur ResNet-18 dapat dilihat pada0..
penelitianini,
kami
menggunakanarsitekturAlbuNetsebagaiautoencoder
yang terdiridarilapisansebagaiberikut.
weight layer
data
citradengan
1) Lapisaninput:
Iapisan
F(x)
relu
parameter
data
ditentukan
oleh
ukuran
weight layer
identity
masukancitra.
Kombinasilapisankonvolusi
dan
pooling:
2)
F(x)+x
lapisankonvolusimenghasilkanfeature
mapdari
relu
data
input,
Gambar 7IlustrasiArsitekturResNet(HE, ZHANG, REN, & SUN,
sedangkanlapisanpoolingmembantudalammengu
2015)
rangioverfit.
Parameter
lapisaninidapatdilihat
pada 0.
2.5 Optimasi Adam
Adam merupakan algoritme optimasi gabungan
Tabel1 ArsitekturAutoencoder
Ukuran
dari RMSProp dan StochasticGradient Descent
Nama Layer
18-layer
Output
(SGD) dengan Momentum. Secara umum, algoritme
112x112
ini menyelesaikan masalah lamanya konvergen
conv1
7 x 7, 64 filtcr, stridc 2, padding 3
3 x 3 max pooling, stride 2, padding 1.
sebuah model pada pelatihan. Penyelesaian
conv2
56x56
dilakukan dengan
menambahkan
estimasi
conv3
28x28
momentum pertama dan kedua untuk mengatur
conv4
14x14
besarnya learning rate dari perubahan gradien
conv5
7x7
sebelumnya untuk setiap bobot pada jaringan. Hal
decoder1
14x14
ini yang membuat Adam sedikit berbeda dengan
decoder2
28x28
RMSProp, dimana jika RMSProp mengadaptasi
decoder3
56x56
learning rate berdasarkan rata-rata dari perubahan
112x112
decoder4
gradien, Adam menghitungnya untuk setiap bobot.
decoder5
224x224
Penambahan ini dapat membantu jaringan untuk
Ilustrasi secara keseluruhan dari arsitektur
mendapatkan akurasi yang tidak jauh berbeda
AlbuNet dapat dilihat pada 0.
dengan metode SGD klasik(KINGMA & BA, 2015).
HASIL DAN PEMBAHASAN
AlbuNet-34
Pada penelitian ini kami melakukan percobaan
untuk menerapkan Autoencoder sebagai pre-training
dalam kasus klasifikasi citra sinar-X dada yang
mempunyai 3 kategori, yaitu normal, pneumonia,
dan COvID-19. Sebelumnya kami telah melatih
model pembelajaran mendalam (deep learning)
AlbuNet yang menggunakan Resnet-18 sebagai
encodernyadengan batch sizesebesar 256, learning
rate sebesar 1x104, dan Adam sebagai optimizer.
Untuk menguji model tersebut, dilakukan
Gambar 6IlustrasiArsitekturAlbuNet(SHVETS, IGLOVIKOV,
percobaan menggunakan validasi silang 5 bagian
RAKHLIN, & KALININ, 2018)
(5-fold crossvalidation). Pada setiap percobaan
2.4.2
TahapPelatihanClassifier
tersebut menggunakan perbandingan data latih dan
Pelatihan pada tahap ini adalah pelatihan akhir
data uji dalam setiap percobaan adalah sebesar
secara supervisedsetelahpelatihan autoencoder. Pada
80:20.Salah satu hambatan dalam menerapkan
pelatihan ini,
hanya
bagian
metode pembelajaran mendalam adalah data yang
menggunakan
encodersaja
dari
autoencoder
untuk
digunakan harus banyak. Karenabanyaknya data
meng-klasifikasikan
diambil
data.
Setelah
berbanding lurus dengan akurasi yang dihasilkan.
encoder-nya saja, jaringan kembali ke bentuk
Salah satu cara untuk mengatasinya yaitu kami
awalnya yaitu ResNet-18.ResNet adalah arsitektur
berbasis CNN dengan penambahan adanya jalur
shortcutyang dinamakan residual connection di
baru dengan tujuan tetap mempertahankan fitur
antara blok CNN untuk mengatasi masalahvanishing
kunci dalam data. Dalam penelitian ini kami
gradient(HE,
ZHANG,
REN,
SUN,
Fadhil Y.R, dkk, Deteksi Covid-19 pada Citra Sinar-X... 7.
(horizontal flip), dan pengaturan warna (saturation,
brigthness, hue). Namun dalam penerapannya, kami
mendapatkan hasil bahwa akurasi model akan
mengalami kenaikan terbesar jika menerapkan
gabungan dari tipe augmentasi rotate dan saturation
seperti yang terlihat pada 0.
Tabel2 Hasil EksplorasiAugmentasi
Saturation
Rotate
Bright
Hue
Acc
H.Flip
0.25
0.1
150
0.7973
0.8124
00
0.7902
Gambar 8.Grafik/ossterhadap data
0.8036
validasiselamapelatihandenganautoencodersebagaipretrainingden
0.7724
ganmetodeaugmentasiCutmix
0.7876
0.8196*
Dikarenakan bertambah kompleksnya metode
augmentasi yang digunakan pada percobaan terakhir,
maka khusus pada percobaan tersebut kami
menaikkan epoch-nya dari 25 menjadi 50. Selain
augmentasi, kami juga melakukan normalisasi pada
data menggunakan nilai rata-rata dan standar deviasi
yang diambil dari data latih tiap fold cross
validation.
Tabcl3 Hasil EksplorasiMixed Sample Data Augmentation
(MSDA)
Gambar 9Grafikakurasiterhadap data
Non-
validasiselamapelatihandenganautoencodersebagaipretrainingden
Mix
Cut
Metode
FMix
Acc
MSDA
Mix
ganmetodeaugmentasiCutmix
up
0.8116
Bobotawalra
0.7369
Tabel4Confusion Matrix AlbuNet-18 + autoencoder + Cutmix -
ndom
0.8027
5-fold cross validation
COvID-19 normalpneumonia
0.8089
COVID-19
104
Bobotawalh
0.8133
normal
428
72
asilautoenco
0.7627
der
0.8196
penumonia
104
390
0.8133
Hasil pengujian model autoencoder dengan
Kami juga melakukan eksplorasi pada data
akurasi terbaik pada kasus klasifikasi dirangkum
dengan menerapkan metode Mixed Sample Data
dalam confusion matrix agar selanjutnya dapat
Augmentation(MSDA) untuk melokalisir fitur-fitur
diolah menjadi metriks yang lebih spesifik seperti
yang terdapat pada data dengan menggunakan 100
precision, recall, dan f1-score.Confusion matrix pada
epoch. Pada eksplorasi ini mendapatkan hasil bahwa
0 juga menunjukkan bahwa citra sinar-X dada
akurasi terbesar yaitu dengan menggunakan MSDA
kategori normal dan pneumonia memiliki kemiripan
jenis CutMixseperti yang terlihat pada0.Pada hasil.
pada pola data, sedangkan pada kategori COvID-19
tersebut juga dapat
membuktikan
bahwa
mempunyai pola tersendiri.
metodepre-trainingdengan
Tabel5Tabelperhitunganmetrikshasilpengujian
autoencodermenunjukkan
peningkatan
performa
Kelas
Precision
Recall
F1-score
pada
datasetcitra
sinar-X
dibandingkan
COVID-19
94.55%
83.20%
88.51%
menggunakan bobot awal secara acak. Rata-rata nilai.
normal
79.70%
85.60%
82.54%
loss yang dihasilkan dari eksplorasi Autoencoder
penumonia
81.59%
78.00%
79.75%
dari tiap fold dengan Cutmix yaitu sebesar 0,48646.
Grafik nilai loss dan akurasi pada tiap foldselama
Hasil pengolahan confusion matrix menjadi
pelatihan secara berturut-turut dapat dilihat0 dan 0.
metriks yang spesifik disajikan pada 0. Dari tabel
tersebut dapat dihitung juga macro-precision sebesar
85.28%,
macro-recall
sebesar
82.27%, dan
macro-F1 sebesar 83.6% yang dihitung dari rata-rata.
metriks di tiap kelas.
KESIMPULAN
Hasil eksperimen yang telah dilakukanterhadap
HE, K., ZHANG, X., REN, S., & SUN, J. (2015).
metode augmentasi gabungan antaramanipulasi
Deep Residual Learning for Image
warna pada channel saturation dan pemutaran citra
Recognition.
menujukkan peningkatan akurasi mencapai 2,23%
doi:https://doi.org/10.1109/CVPR.2016.90
terhadap baselineyang dilatih tanpa menggunakan
HUANG, C., WANG, Y., LI, X., REN, L., ZHAO,
metode augmentasi.Selain itu, dalam eksperimen
J., HU, Y., & ZHANG, L. (2020). Clinical
penggunaan
Mixed
Sample
Data
Features of Patients Infected with 2019
Augmentation(MSDA) pada citra sinar-Xdidapatkan
Novel Coronavirus in Wuhan, China. 395,
bahwapengaplikasian
Mixupselalu
10.
hasil
menunjukkan
penurunan
performa
baik
doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/S0140-6736(20)
30183-5
menggunakan
autoencoder
ataupun
tanpa
menggunakan autoencoder,sedangkan CutMix dan
KEMENTERIAN KESEHATAN REPUBLIK
FMix juga menunjukkan penurunan performa namun
INDONESIA. (2020). Pedoman
hanya pada pelatihan model tanpa menggunakan
Pencegahan dan Pengendalian
autoencoder sebagai pretraining. Secara umum,
Coronavirus Disease (COvID19) (3rd ed.).
pelatihan menggunakan
autoencoder sebagai
Jakarta.
pretrainingpada kasus klasifikasi citra sinar-X untuk
KHAN, A. I., SHAH, J. L., & BHAT, M. M. (2020).
deteksi COVID-19 dan pneumonia menunjukkan
CoroNet: A deep neural network for
peningkatan akurasi secara konsisten terhadap
detection and diagnosis of COVID-19 from
seluruh konfigurasipengujiantanpa autoencoder
chest x-ray images. Elsevier, 9.
dengan peningkatan performa sekitar 0,17% hingga
doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cmpb.2020.10
2,58%.
5581
KINGMA, D. P., & BA, J. (2015). Adam: A Method
DAFTAR PUSTAKA
for Stochastic Optimization. 3rd
International Conference on Learning
ABBAS, A., ABDELSAMEA, M. M., & GABER
Representations, ICLR 2015 - Conference
M. M. (2021). Classification of COVID-19
Track Proceedings, 1-15. Retrieved from
in chest X-ray images using DeTraC deep
https://arxiv.org/abs/1412.6980
convolutional neural network. Applied
LI, D., FU, Z., & XU, J. (2020).
Intelligence, 854-864.
Stacked-autoencoder-based model for
doi:https://doi.org/10.1007/s10489-020-018
COVID-19 diagnosis on CT images.
29-7
Applied Intelligence..
DAI. W.-C.. ZHANG. H.-W.. YU. J.. XU. H.-J.
doi:https://doi.org/10.1007/s10489-020-020
CHEN, H., LUO, S.-P.,... LIN, F. (2020).
02-w
CT Imaging and Differential Diagnosis of
MINAEE, S., KAFIEH, R., SONKA, M.,
COVID-19. Canadian Association of
YAZDANI, S., & JAMALIPOUR, G. S.
Radiologists Journal, 71(2), 195-200.
(2020). Deep-COVID: Predicting
doi:https://doi.org/10.1177/0846537120913
COVID-19 from chest X-ray images using
033
deep transfer learning. Elsevier, 65, 9.
DEBRABATA, D., KUMAR, R., AISHIK, B., D.
doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.media.2020.10
JUDE, H., DEEPAK, G., ASHISH, K., &
1794
OSCAR, C. (2020). Early diagnosis of
OZTURK, T., TALO, M., YILDIRIM, E. A.,
COVID-19-affected patients based on
BALOGLU, U. B., YILDIRIM, O., &
X-ray and computed tomography images
ACHARYA, U. R. (2020). Automated
using deep Iearning algorithm.
detection of COVID-19 cases using deep
Springer-Verlag GmbH Germany, part of
neural networks with X-ray images.
Springer Nature 2020, 9.
Elsevier Public Health Emergency
doi:https://doi.org/10.1007/s00500-020-052
Collection.
75-y
doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.compbiomed.2
HARRIS, E., MARCU, A., PAINTER, M.,
020.103792
NIRANJAN, M., PRUGEL-BENNET, A.,
PANWAR, H., GUPTA, P., SIDDIQUI, M. K.
& HARE, J. (2020). FMix: Enhancing
MENENDEZ, R. M., & SINGH, V. (2020).
Mixed Sample Data Augmentation. Vision,
Application of deep learning for fast
Learning, and Control Group. Retrieved
detection of COvID-19 in X-Rays using
from
nCOVnet. Elsevier, 9.
https://www.researchgate.net/publication/33
doi:https://doi.org/10.1016/j.chaos.2020.10
9551062_FMix_Enhancing_Mixed_Sample
9944
Data_Augmentation
Fadhil Y.R, dkk, Deteksi Covid-19 pada Citra Sinar-X... 9
RUGERY, P. (2020, September 8). Explanation of
ZHANG, H., CISSE, M., DAUPHIN, Y. N., &
YOLO V4 a one stage detector. Retrieved
LOPEZ-PAZ, D. (2018). mixup: BEYOND
from Becoming Human: Artificial
EMPIRICAL RISK MINIMIZATION.
Intelligence Magazine:
Arxiv. Retrieved from
https://becominghuman.ai/explaining-yolov
https://arxiv.org/abs/1710.09412
4-a-one-stage-detector-cdac0826cbd7
SALAMEH, J., LEEFLANG, M., HOOFT, L., &
ISLAM, N. (2020). Thoracic imaging tests
for the diagnosis of COVID-19. In Thoracic
imaging tests for the diagnosis of.
COVID-19 (p. 97). Cochrane Library.
doi:https://doi.org/10.1002/14651858.CD0
13639.pub3
SANGDOO, Y., DONGYOON, H., JUNSUK, C.,
SEONG, J. O., YOUNGJOON, Y., &
SANGHYUK, C. (2019). CutMix:
Regularization Strategy to Train Strong
Classifiers with Localizable Features. 1-14.
doi:https://doi.org/10.1109/iccv.2019.00612
SHVETS, A., IGLOVIKOV, V., RAKHLIN, A., &
KALININ, A. A. (2018). Angiodysplasia
Detection and Localization Using Deep
Convolutional Neural Networks. 2018 17th
IEEE International Conference on Machine
Learning and Applications (ICMLA),
612-617.
doi:https://doi.org/10.1109/ICMLA.2018.00
098
TARESH, M., ZHU, N., & ALI, T. A. (2020).
Transfer learning to detect COVID-19
automatically from X-ray images, using
convolutional neural networks. medRxiv -
Radiology and Imaging.
doi:10.1101/2020.08.25.20182170
TURKOGLU, M. (2021). COVIDetectioNet:
COVID-19 diagnosis system based on
X-ray images using features selected from
pre-learned deep features ensemble.
Artificial Intelligence Applications for
COVID-19, Detection, Control, Prediction,
and Diagnosis, 1213-1226.
doi:https://doi.org/10.1007/s10489-020-018
88-w
WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION. (2020).
World Health Organization. Retrieved
December 6, 2020, from
https://www.who.int/emergencies/diseases/
novel-coronavirus-2019/question-and-answ
ers-hub/q-a-detail/coronavirus-disease-covi
d-19
YUDISTIRA, N., WIDODO, A. W., &
RAHAYUDI, B. (2020). Deteksi
COVID-19 Pada Citra Sinar-X Dada
Menggunakan Deep Learning Yang Efisien.
Jurnal Teknologi Informasi dan Ilmu
Komputer, 1289-1296.
doi:https://doi.org/10.25126/jtiik.20207636
51
Acknowledgement:.
We would like to express our sincere gratitude to the following individuals and
organizations for their invaluable support and assistance in the completion of this
research project..
First and foremost we would like to express our deepest gratitude to our supervisor Dr
research process. Her insights and feedback have been instrumental in shaping the
direction and scope of our research. Her constructive feedback and thoughtful
suggestions have significantly enhanced the quality and rigor of this study. Their
mentorship has not only expanded our understanding of the subject matter but has also
enhanced our research skills and critical thinking abilities.
In addition, we would like to acknowledge the support and encouragement of Ms. Dharti
Sharma and Ms. Jinal Purohit, our teaching assistants, who have guided us through the
entire process.We would like to express our appreciation to all the 209 survey
paper.
Finally, we would like to express gratitude to the Indian Institute of Information
Technology Vadodara for providing the resources and facilities necessary to carry out
this research..
Thank you all for your invaluable contribution to this project
Abstract
This term paper, "The Technology Determination: How Technology Shapes
throughout history. From the invention of the printing press to the modern
paper looks at how recent advancements in artificial intelligence, online
interaction, and robotics are changing the way people live, work, and
interact with each other.
Using both global and local examples, the research highlights how
1) Reduces Stress And Anxiety.
Yoga's innate ability to cease the mental chatter and live in the moment reduces stress
and anxiety, showing profound benefits in every sphere of life. Students are very
stressed individuals, keen to outperform themselves and prove their worth every chance
they get.
Yoga helps them to deal with their stress and bring back some peace of mind. Those
who regularly practice yoga not only report lower levels of stress and anxiety and.
subsequently improved academic performance..
2) Improves Memory And Attention Span.
Yoga helps to improve the memory function in both adults and students, a direct benefit
of which would be a better academic performance in students. It also helps to improve
students's attention span and focus. In fact, yoga aids students suffering from ADHD
(Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) as well by reducing its core symptoms such as.
inattentiveness, hyperactivity and impulsivity..
Source: https://www.jbcninstitute.edu.in/blog/benefits-of-yoga-in-schools/.
job roles and the skills people need. Technology also influences how
people communicate and share emotions and information..
The study points out that not everyone has the same access to new
technologies, which can lead to inequalities. In many places, advanced
technology is not available to everyone, creating a digital divide. This divide
some groups cannot keep up with rapid technological changes.This
research aims to provide a detailed look at how technology impacts society
and culture. It will help policymakers promote fair and inclusive
technological development. The paper emphasizes the need to evaluate
technology's effects to ensure that advancements benefit everyone and
alongside technological progress, ensuring that all members of society
benefit from these changes..
Keywords
Technology determinism, societal norms, printing press, artificial intelligence (Al)
robotics, workplace dynamics, job roles, skill requirements, communication, emotional
exchange, digital divide, social inequalities, inclusive development, policymaking, equity,
accessibility, technological advancements, cultural preservation, technological progress,
social development.
Team Members:
Shivam kumar (202351130)
Signature:
Ram Sharma (202351129)
Signature:
Table of Content
Section
Sub-sections
1. Introduction
1.1 Topic
1.2 Focus
1.3 Importance
1.4 Objective of our Research
1.5 Background and Context
1.6 Research Problems
1.7 Chapterisation
2. Literature Review
3. Analysis
3.1 Methodology
A. Secondary Data.
- Survey Method
- Eligibility Criteria
a) Participants
b) Exposure
B. Primary Data
3.2 Variables
3.3 Present Justification
- 3.3.1 Relationship Between Technology and
Societal Norms
3.4 Current Study
3.5 Limitations
A. Third-Variable Problem
B. Limited Survey Questions
C. Respondents Filling Survey Without
Reading
D. Uneven Distribution of Age Groups
3.6 Statistical Analysis
4. Discussion
4.1 How Does Technology Impact Social Norms?
4.2 The Effects of Al and Robotics on Job Roles and
Workforce Dynamics
4.3 The Role of Digital Communication in Shaping
New Social Norms.
5. Conclusion
6. Reference List
7. Appendices
Appendix 1: Survey Questions
Appendix 2: List Information.
List of Figures and Tables
Figure No.
Page No.
Figure Title/Description
2. Literature
Review
Figure 1
Social Media and Its Impact on Social Norms
13
Figure 2
Digital Interaction in Professional Settings
14
Figure 3
Technology and International Relations
15
Figure 4
Post-Industrial Society and Technology
16
Figure 5
Sustainability and Technological Transitions
17
Figure 6
Ethics of Artificial Intelligence
18
Figure 7
Climate Change Adaptation and Technology
19
Figure 8
Security, Immigration, and Technology
20
Figure 9
Al and Society
21
Figure 10
Socially Interactive Robots
21
22
Figure 11
Fairness in Sociotechnical Systems
Figure 12
The Sharing Economy and Technology.
22
Figure 13
Mediatization of Society
23
Figure 14
Sustainable Development and Technology
24
Figure 15
Digital Technology and Social Transformation
25
3. Analysis
Secondary
Data:
Figure 1
Historical timeline showcasing the
27
transformative influence of technology on
societal priorities
Figure 2
Integration of advanced Al and mixed.
26
reality in enterprises and societal well-being.
concerns
Figure 3
The Printing Revolution and its impact on
28
knowledge democratization, literacy, and
societal transformations
Figure 4
Urbanization and societal restructuring
29
during the Industrial Revolution
Figure 5
The Communication Revolution: Impact of the
30
telegraph, telephone, and the internet on
connectivity
Figure 6
Social Media Era: Influence on personal
31
identity, public discourse, and societal norms
Figure 7
Communication evolution: From traditional
32
letters to instant messaging and societal
impacts
Figure 8
Transformative role of social media platforms
33
in daily life and global connectivity
Figure 9
Statistical insights on global social media
34
usage and its impact on community and
identity
Figure 10
Popularity and user base statistics for major
35
social media platforms
Figure 11
Ethical concerns: Digital surveillance, data
36
privacy, and public trust in organizations
Figure 12
Technology's dual impact on interpersonal
37
relationships
Figure 13
Survey on the impact of digital technology in
38
pediatric healthcare.
Figure 14
Concerns about security surveillance, privacy
39
erosion, and civil liberties
Figure 15
Future trends: Al and automation in displacing
40
and creating jobs by 2025
B. Primary Data:.
Figure 1
41
Age Distribution of Participants.
Figure 2
Gender Distribution of Participants.
42
Figure 3
Educational Level of Respondents.
42
Figure 4
Purpose of Using Al
43
Figure 5
Impact of Al on Life (Rating)
44
Figure 6
Hours Spent on Digital Devices Daily.
45
Figure 7
Technology Used Most Frequently.
45
Figure 8
Perception of Al's Impact on Workplace or
46
Professional Relationships
Figure 9
Perception of Technology's Influence on Social
47
Norms
Figure 10
Impact of Technology on Communication with
48
Family and Friends
Figure 11
Impact of Online Learning on Education Quality
49
and Accessibility
Figure 12
Perception of Technology's Influence on Career
50
Paths and Job Stability
Figure 13
Technology's Impact on Dating and Romantic
51
Relationships
Figure 14
Influence of Social Media on Political Opinions
51
Figure 15
52
Perception of Technology Facilitating Political
Misinformation
Figure 16
Areas Where Technology Significantly Impacts
53
Social Norms
Figure 17
Impact of Technology on Traditional Cultural
54
Practices
Figure 18
Influence of Technology on Passing Cultural
54
Traditions to Younger Generations.
Figure 19
Future Perception of Technology Reshaping.
55
Societal Norms.
Figure 20
Summary of Views on Technology's Influence.
56
on Societal Norms.
4. Statistical
Analysis
Table 3.6
Hypothesized Pathways Between.
62
Technology Adoption and Changes in
Societal Norms
Figure 3.6.1
Flow chart of technology adoption and changes.
63
in societal norms,.
1. Introduction:.
1.1. Topic:
This term paper explores the ongoing topic of "The Technology Determination: How.
in shaping human behavior and social practices. The definition of technology in this
context includes innovations and tools that alter the way society functions. Over the last
few decades, technology has evolved dramatically. Over time, technology has
witnessing the rapid expansion of artificial intelligence, digital communication tools, and
relationships, privacy, and work environments at an unprecedented rate..
Today's society extensively interacts with technology through
platforms like social media, online collaboration tools, and automated systems. While
these technologies bring numerous benefits, such as improved access to information,
enhanced connectivity, and increased efficiency in various sectors, they also pose
significant challenges. Technology impacts every aspect of life, from how we.
communicate and learn to how we work and form relationships. With each technological
breakthrough, new societal norms emerge, affecting the established order of social
practices.
In this term paper, we aim to examine how technological advancements influence and
reshape societal norms. By analyzing historical innovations and modern developments,
we will explore how technology disrupts traditional norms and creates new social
behaviors and expectations. This study will focus on the impact of technologies such as
artificial intelligence and digital communication, highlighting their role in shaping societal
values and cultural practices. Additionally, we will address the challenges posed by
importance of inclusive and equitable technological development..
1.2. Focus:
The focus of this term paper is to investigate how technology actively shapes societal
norms, examining both the positive and negative impacts. This paper aims to identify
specific areas in which technology influences daily behavior, values, and social
expectations, such as communication, privacy, work, and relationships. By exploring
these aspects, the paper will highlight how technological advancements, from
smartphones to artificial intelligence, redefine what society considers "normal" or
"acceptable."
The analysis will focus on how technology's pervasive presence in modern life subtly,
yet powerfully, molds human interactions, alters social standards, and influences our
perceptions of appropriate behavior. Additionally, this paper seeks to understand the
potential risks of this influence, such as dependency on digital tools or shifts in privacy
norms, and to consider the implications of these changes for future societal
development.
1.3 Importance:
plays in shaping societal norms. As technology becomes more integrated into daily life,
its influence on social behavior and cultural values grows stronger. By examining how
technology redefines standards in areas like communication, privacy, work, and
relationships, we gain insight into the ways it affects our perceptions of what is "normal'
or "acceptable' in society
become more aware of how their behaviors and expectations may be shaped by the
tools they use. Second, it highlights the need for balanced and mindful technology use
to avoid unintended consequences, such as decreased privacy, over-reliance on digital
platforms, or changes in social interaction patterns. Finally, this understanding is
ethical development and implementation of technology, ensuring that it aligns with
societal values and promotes well-being. By addressing these topics, the paper aims to
contribute to a more informed and proactive approach to the role of technology in
society.
1.4 Objective of Our Research:
The main goal of our research is to understand how technology changes the way we
live and interact with each other. Specifically, this paper aims to:.
1. Identify Key Areas: Look at important areas like communication, privacy, work, and
2. Assess Impacts: Study both the good and bad effects of technology, like better
over-dependence on digital platforms..
3. Understand Adaptation: Explore how society adjusts to technological changes and
how these changes create new norms of what is considered "normal" or "acceptable."
4. Promote Responsible Use: Offer insights on how people, communities, and Ieaders
can guide the use and development of technology to align with shared values, reduce
negative impacts, and enhance positive effects..
By achieving these goals, our research aims to deepen our understanding of how
technology shapes societal norms and to provide strategies for using technology in a
balanced and ethical way.
1.5 Background and Context:
The relationship between technology and society has evolved rapidly over the past few
From the internet revolution to the rise of smartphones, social media, and artificial
intelligence, technology has become deeply embedded in daily life. This integration has
led to transformative changes in how people communicate, work, learn, and interact.
Technology has always played a
press, which made knowledge accessible to the masses, to the rise of the internet,
which connected people across the globe, each technological advancement has left a
10
innovations are transforming how we live, work, and interact with each other. For
example, Al is now capable of performing tasks that once required human intelligence.
Ieading to changes in job roles and work dynamics. Social media platforms have
raise concerns about privacy and the quality of human interactions..
Despite the many benefits,
the distribution of technological advancements is often uneven, leading to digital divides
that can exacerbate existing social inequalities. Not everyone has equal access to the
Iatest technologies, which can hinder social integration and cultural continuity. This
research aims to explore these issues in depth, providing a comprehensive
understanding of how technology shapes societal norms and identifying ways to
promote fair and inclusive technological development..
This term paper faces several challenges in exploring how technology shapes
societal norms:
1. Understanding Technology's Impact: Technology affects many parts of our lives
complex ways that can be hard to measure. Often, it's difficult to tell if technology is
causing changes in society or if society is shaping how we use technology..
might soon become outdated. This paper has to look at current technologies while also
thinking about how future inventions might change our behaviors..
3. Defining Social Norms: Social norms, or the rules that shape what is "normal' or
acceptable, can be different depending on culture, age, and location. This makes it hard
to define these norms in a way that applies to everyone and to draw conclusions that fit
all groups.
4. Finding and Using Data: Information on how technology affects society often
comes from studies, surveys, or watching people's behavior, which may be limited or
biased. Understanding this data and using it to make fair conclusions about social
norms can be challenging.
5. Considering Ethics: When we look at technology's impact, we also have to think
about ethical issues like privacy, personal freedom, and well-being. It's important to stay
personal beliefs and values.
11
6. Combining Different Fields: This topic involves ideas from areas like sociology
(study of society), psychology (study of the mind), and technology. Bringing together
insights from these fields can be hard, but it's necessary for understanding how
technology shapes social norms in a complete way.
These challenges make it important to approach the topic carefully and with an oper
mind to create a meaningful and accurate analysis.
1.6. Research Problem:
This term paper explores how advancements in technology, like artificial intelligence
and digital communication tools, disrupt and change social norms. It examines both the
benefits and drawbacks of these technologies on society. Additionally, it looks into how
paper also addresses the issue of unequal access to technology, which can worsen
social inegualities. Finally, it explores how policymakers, educators, and technologists
can guide the development and use of technology in ways that align with shared
societal values and promote well-being.
1.7. Chapterisation:
technological advancements impact societal norms. The structure of this paper is
designed to provide a comprehensive analysis. It begins with an Introduction that
outlines the focus, importance, and objectives of the research, along with the
background and key research problems. Following this, the Literature Review delves
into existing studies and theories, offering a balanced perspective on how technology
including the variables studied and data collection methods, and provides a statistical
analysis of the findings. In the Discussion section, the paper examines the relationship
like Al and digital communication tools reshape societal behaviors and cultural norms.
ethical and inclusive technological development. The paper also includes a Reference
List to ensure credibility, and Appendices that contain supplementary information, such
Many students suffering from ADHD are able to reduce their medication with regular.
yoga practice. This is one of the amazing benefits of yoga in institutes.
3) Helps To Manage Weight
students spend long hours in sedentary poses and tend to consume a lot of junk food
as well, both of which are a by-product of the new age lifestyle. Yoga helps to
counterbalance this lifestyle..
Through regular practice of asanas, students (especially those who are not fond of
playing sports) can manage a healthy weight. This helps to curb the problem of
childhood obesity at a young age in a salubrious way..
4) Improves Flexibility, Balance And Posture.
Sitting down to study for long hours at a time and too much screen time can lead to
complication in adult life..
The practice of various asanas on a regular basis leads to correction of posture.
enhances flexibility and improves balance as it brings equilibrium to the whole body.
This is one of the amazing benefits of yoga in institutes..
5) Teaches Correct Breathing Techniques.
Breathing is fundamental to life and how we breathe is directly related to our overall
well-being. Good breathing affects our movement, our posture, and our ability to handle
stress in a positive way..
young age how to master the technique of breathing correctly and improve the quality of
their life..
6) Promotes Mindfulness
Mindfulness is simply learning to be in the present. Focusing on your breath or directing
your attention to the furthest sounds you can perceive is mindfulness; this can be done
at any time of the day - even for a few seconds.
12
2.Literature review:-
This section presents a review of various scholarly works that explore how technology
influences societal norms. The reviewed literature spans diverse topics, from the effects
of digital media on social interaction to the ethical considerations surrounding emerging
technologies like artificial intelligence..
1. Social Media and Its Impact on Social Norms:
Tsetsi (2019) in his review of Ramesh.
Srinivasan's,Whose Global Village? discusses how technology, especially social media,.
has reshaped human interactions and the global community. Social media platforms are
identity, urging a reevaluation of concepts such as community and global.
citizenship.figure 1 show in below with data
Social Media's Impact on Society (Tsetsi, 2019)
Distribution of Social Media's Societal tmpact Areas
35%
Identity Formation
unity Engagement
0 Clobal Citizenship
Figure 1: show Social Media and Its Impact on Social Norms
2. Digital Interaction in Professional Settings:
Dalmaijer et al. (2023) explored how digita.
given, making communication more instantaneous but also raising concerns about the
authenticity and reliability of advice, which influences societal expectations of
professional roles.figure 2 given below based on this research.
13
Professional-Parent Interaction Methods in Pediatric Care.
36
27-
Percentage (%)
18-
9.
Instant Digital Communication Traditional In-Person Digital Resource Sharing
Remote Monitoring
Hybrid Communicatione
Based on findings from Dalmaijer et al. (2o23) study on digital technology in pediatric treatment.
Figure 2:show Digital Interaction in Professional Settings.
3. Technology and International Relations:.
Vaynman and Volpe (2023) examine how.
technological tools influence cooperation in international relations, particularly through.
the use of digital deception. Their findings highlight the dual nature of technology in.
shaping diplomatic norms and strategies, presenting both opportunities for cooperation
and avenues for mistrust in global politics.the figure 3 given below in this research
paper.
14
Technology's Impact on International Relations.
Digital Diplomatic Channels: 30%
Cybersecurity Concerns: 25%
Traditional Diplomatic Methc
Digital Deception Activities: 20%/
\Technology-Enhanced Cooperation: 15%
Digital Diplomatic Channels Cybersecurity Concerns Digital Deception Activities
Technology-Enhanced Cooperation Traditional Diplomatic Methodse
Based on Vaynman and Volpe (2023) research on technological influence in international relations
Figure 3:show Technology and International Relations.
4. Post-Industrial Society and Technology:.
Schroyer (1974) discusses the coming of.
post-industrial society and how technology has shifted societal norms away from
traditional industrial roles toward service-oriented, information-driven economies. This
transition has profound implications for work, family, and leisure, creating new
expectations and social structures in a digitalized world(figure 4)
15
Technological Transformations in Post-Industrial Era
Distribution of Key Technological Changes
Digital Infrastructure: 35%
Automation Systems: 25%
Traditional Methods: 5%
Communication Tech: 15%
Information Management: 20%
Key Insights:.
Digital Infrastructure and Automation Systems account for 6o% of technological transformation, highlighting the shift towards
digital-first operations in post-industrial society.
Figure 4:show Post-Industrial Society and Technology
5. Sustainability and Technological Transitions:
Markard, Raven, and Truffer (2012) highlight
the role of technology in driving sustainability transitions. Their work shows how
technology shapes societal norms around environmental responsibility, sustainability,
and energy use, particularly in the context of transitioning toward greener
economies(figure 5)..
16
Technological Impact on Sustainability Transitions
Current vs. Projected Implementation (% Adoption)
80-
60-
Adoption Rate (%)
40
20
Renewable Energy AdeptnTechnology Innovstistainable InfrastrudDiyital Energy Managerkablar Economy PrEctbon Reduction Technologies
Current Implementation Projected Growth
Key Findings:
Renewable Energy and Green Technology Innovation show the highest potential for growth, with projected increases of 30% in
adoption rates over current levels.
Figure 5:show Sustainability and Technological Transitions
6. Ethics of Artificial Intelligence:
Jobin, lenca, and Vayena (2019) provide a
privacy, and accountability, pushing societies to adopt new ethical standards in
response to technological advancements.figure 6 given below
17
Ethical Considerations in Al Development.
Distribution of Key Ethical Priorities in Al Technology
Fairness & Bias: 22%
Privacy & Data Protection: 25%
Human Autonomy: 8%
Safety & Security: 12%
Accountability: 15%
Privacy & Data Protection Fairness & Bias Transparency Accountability Safety & Security
Human Autonomy
Key Insights:.
Privacy, Fairness, and Transparency collectively account for 65% of ethical priorities, highlighting their crucial role in responsible
Ai development..
Human Autonomy, while representing 8%, remains a fundamental consideration in Al ethics frameworks..
Figure 6: show Ethics of Artificial Intelligence.
7. Climate Change Adaptation and Technology:
Adger et al. (2008) discuss the social limits to.
adaptation in the face of climate change, emphasizing how technology can both help.
norms around climate action, highlighting the need for technology to align with societal.
values and goals(figure 7)..
18
Climate Change Adaptation Factors
Technological
3arriers 30%
Knowled!
: Resources 207
nstitutional Capaci
Technological Infrastructure
Institutional Capacity Knowledge & Education
Figure 7:show Climate Change Adaptation and Technology
8. Security, Immigration, and Technology:
Bigo (2002) critiques the government's use of
surveillance has altered norms around privacy and security. This shift in societal
rights(FIGURE 8).
19
Security and Immigration Technology Analysis
Surveillance Tecl
cerns 25%
5l Measures 20%.
Social Impact 15%
Surveillance Technology Impact
Privacy Concerns Border Control Measures
Social Impact Legel Framework Gaps
Figure 8:show Security, Immigration, and Technology
9. Al and Society:
Floridi et al. (2018) discuss the ethical implications of Al and
developing Al technologies in ways that align with human values and societal
needs(figure 9), stressing the importance of ethics in guiding technologica
advancement.
20
Al Ethics and Societal Impact Analysis
Ethical Framewo
ent 25%
Risk Mani
ementation 20%
\Human-Al Interacti.
Ethical Framework & Governance
- Societal Impact Assessment.
- Technical Implementation
Human-Ai Interaction Risk management
Figure 9:show Al and Society
10. Socially Interactive Robots:
Fong, Nourbakhsh, and Dautenhahn (2003) provide insights into.
the growing field of socially interactive robots, which are altering human norms of
interaction and companionship. They explore how technology is changing societal.
expectations about relationships, both personal and professional (figure 10)..
Socially Interactive Robots Analysis
Human-Robot In
npact 25%
Ethical Cc
Capabilities 20%/
\Psychological Effec
Human-Robot Interaction Social Impact
Technical Capabilities Psychological Effects
Ethical Considerations
Figure 10:show Socially Interactive Robots.
11. Fairness in Sociotechnical Systems:.
21
Selbst et al. (2019) discuss fairness in
sociotechnical systems, particularly focusing on how algorithmic decision-making
impacts societal norms. Their work highlights the challenges of ensuring fairness in
automated systems and the societal implications of biased technologies(figure 11).
Fairness in Sociotechnical Systems Analysis.
Algorithmic Bias
npact 29
takehol
ementation 20%
\Policy Framework 1
- Algorithmic Bias Social Justice Impact.
Technical Implementation Policy Framework.
Stakeholder Engagement.
Figure 11:show Fairness in Sociotechnical Systems
12. The Sharing Economy and Technology:.
Hamari, Sjoklint, and Ukkonen (2015) explore.
the rise of the sharing economy, facilitated by digital platforms. Their research highlights
collaboration, creating new forms of economic interaction(figure 12).
Sharing Economy Analysis.
Platform Techno
npact 25%
Regulato:
User Behavior: 15
al Dynamics 20%/
\User bendvior 15%
Platform Technology Economic Impact
Social Dynamics User Behavior
Regulatory Framework.
Mindfulness enables people to become less anxious and more relaxed. students can
become more mindful using creative and entertaining visualisation techniques. This is
one of the amazing benefits of yoga in institutes.
7) Encourages Self-Love And Self-Care
Yoga promotes healing from the inside rather than looking good on the outside. It.
teaches people how to respect and love their own bodies - an essential message for
young students who are constantly advertised with warped body image ideas on social
media.
With self-love, comes self-care and yoga can teach these values at a very young age.
The students learn to be comfortable in their own skin and nurture it well. This is one of
the amazing benefits of yoga in institutes
8) Helps To Bring Peace Of Mind
The vastness of
academic curriculum alone can baffle students and yet, they deal with many other.
extra-curricular activities and social life as well. By practising pranayama and
mindfulness, students really learn how to handle the anxiety and manage the different
aspects of life effectively.
The peace of mind stimulates the release of good hormones that have a snowball effect
and uplifts the disposition of the child in general.
Source: https://www.jbcninstitute.edu.in/blog/benefits-of-yoga-in-schools/
22
Figure 12:show The Sharing Economy and Technology.
13. Mediatization of Society:
Hjarvard (2008) examines the mediatization of.
society, focusing on how media technologies have transformed cultural norms and.
practices. This transformation affects everything from politics to personal relationships,.
as media technologies shape public opinion and social behavior(figure 13).
Mediatization of Society Analysis
Media Impact on
:ation 25%
Institutio
elationships 20%/
\Public Opinion Forr
Media Impact on Culture
Political Communication Sociat Relationships
Public Opinion Formation
Institutional Adaptation
Figure 13:show Mediatization of Society.
14. Sustainable Development and Technology:.
Meadowcroft (2009) addresses the role of.
how technology influences societal norms related to sustainability and long-term.
environmental goals, pointing to the necessity of integrating technological solutions into
23
political and societal frameworks(figure 14).
IEnergy Transitions
Environmental Goals
Political Arameworks
Societal Integration
ITechnological Solutions
Figure 14:show Sustainable Development and Technology
15. Digital Technology and Social Transformation:
Bhati (2024) offers a perspective on how digita.
technology is driving social transformation. His work suggests that technology is
reshaping social norms, especially in the realms of- communication, education, and
economic participation, as digital platforms become central to social life (figure
24
15).
communicationd
Education
Economic Participation
Social Platforns.
Figure 15:show Digital Technology and Social Transformation
In conclusion, the reviewed literature illustrates how technology, in various forms, is
significantly shaping societal norms. From altering professional practices and ethical
standards to influencing environmental and economic behaviors, technology is at the
heart of many transformations in contemporary society. As these technological changes
unfold, it becomes crucial for societies to adapt and develop new norms that address
the challenges and opportunities presented by these advancements
3. ANALYSIS:
3.1 Methodology.
A. Secondary data:.
For this analysis, we utilized secondary data from various sources to explore how
technology shapes societal norms. The primary source referenced is the term paper
titled "The Technology Determination: How Technology Shapes Societal Norms." This
advancements and the evolution of societal values, behaviors, and expectations.
25
Key Insights from the Term Paper:
Technological Evolution and Societal Change Historical Overview: Technology.
and Society:
technological innovations have led to significant shifts in societal norms.
For instance, the advent of the internet has transformed communication
patterns, leading to a more interconnected world but also raising concerns
below
= From the early internet era in the 1990s, when the World Wide Web began
enabling global access to information but widened the digital divide, to the
social media explosion of the 2oo0s, which fostered unprecedented
has reshaped society. The 2010s brought the mobile revolution, making
instant communication a norm while sparking digital addiction concerns,
and the rise of cloud computing in the mid-2010s revolutionized remote
collaboration yet highlighted data security risks. More recently, the 2020s
marked the advent of the Al revolution, driving automation and efficiency
but also fueling fears of job displacement. Today, in 2024, advanced Al
and mixed reality technologies are more integrated into enterprises, with
45% of businesses using Al and 82% prioritizing data privacy. Automation
continues to grow, with 35% of routine tasks automated, though 73% of
people are increasingly concerned about technology's effects on
well-being(figure 2). This timeline showcases the transformative influence
of technology and the evolving priorities in a society shaped by innovation.
Technology Evolution and Societal Impact (1990s-2024)
- Technology Adoption - Societai Concerns
Percentage (%)
100
50-
27
Figure 1:show Historical timeline showcasing the
transformative
influence of technology on societal priorities
= The Printing Revolution of the 15th century, sparked by the invention of
the printing press, marked a groundbreaking shift toward knowledge
democratization. By making books more affordable and accessible, it
enabled literacy to spread beyond the elite, contributing significantly to
education and learning. This shift also led to profound religious and
cultural transformations, as religious texts became widely available
challenging centralized religious authority and encouraging diverse
interpretations. Economically, the publishing industry began to flourish
creating new trades and professions centered around the distribution of
printed materials.
figure 3 given below
Technological Evolution and Societal Change Through History.
15th Century- Printing Revolution
1440s
Printing Press
Societal Impacts
Communication
Society
Mass production of books and texts.
Spread of literacy and education
Economy
Culture
Renaissance and Reformation movements.
Publishing industry emergence
Key Societal Changes
Democratization of knowledge
Rise in literacy rates
Religious reformation
Scientific revolution
Industrial Revolution
18th-19th Century
Steam Engine & Industrial Machinery
Figure 3:show The Printing Revolution and its impact on
knowledge democratization, literacy, and societal
transformations
28
Societal Impacts
Society
Communication.
Urban centers as infor.
Mass urbanization
Culture
Economy
cutture
Factory-based production
Key Societal Changes.
Urban migration
New social classes
Changed Family structures
Work pattern shifts
Communication Revolution
l9th Century
Telegraph & Telephonee
Figure 4:show Urbanization and societal restructuring during the
Industrial Revolution
The rise of machines and industrial production in the 18th and 19th
centuries transformed agricultural societies into industrial ones, prompting.
mass urbanization. This shift brought about changes in family structures,
work patterns, and social hierarchies.
- The Industrial Revolution of the 18th and 19th centuries brought about
traditional working patterns.
adapting to new living arrangements and roles. Economically, the period
the groundwork for modern economies.
> figure 4 above mentioned
29
Societal Impacts
Communication
Society
Instant long-distance communication
Global connectivity begins.
Culture
Economy
Business culture transformation
International trade expansion
Key Societal Changes
Speed of information exchangee
Business globalization
Personal communication
News distribution
Digital Age
Late 20th Century
Internet & Personal Computers.
Figure 5:show The Communication Revolution: Impact of the
telegraph, telephone, and the internet on connectivity
the rise of the internet in the 20th century drastically altered how people
communicated, leading to the emergence of global networks of
business operations to social relationships.the figure above mentioned
>= The Communication Revolution of the 19th century introduced.
transformative technologies like the telegraph and telephone, which.
greatly accelerated the speed of information exchange. For the first time,
people could communicate across vast distances in real time, laying the.
foundation for global connectivity. These innovations had a profound.
impact on businesses, as companies could now coordinate operations
The rapid flow of information also influenced journalism, diplomacy, and
social relationships.figure 5 above mentioned
30
Societal Impactse
Society
Communication
Global digital networks
Virtual communities
Culture
Economy
Digital culture emergence
E-commerce revolution
Key Societal Changes
Information accessibility
Digital literacy
Online communities
Remote work possibility
OSocial Media Era
21st Century
Social Platforms & Mobile Devices
Figure 6:show Social Media Era: Influence on personal identity
public discourse, and societal norms
transformed communication into a fast-paced, constant exchange of
information. Social media has influenced personal identity, public
discourse, and political movements. It has also raised concerns about
privacy, misinformation.
The Social Media Era of the 21st century has brought far-reaching impacts
and trends, shaping how people form digital identities and connect online.
Social media has allowed individuals to share personal moments, build
online personas, and participate in virtual communities, but it has also
raised serious privacy concerns, as data sharing and user tracking have
become widespread practices.
31
In 2024, current statistics show that 82% of organizations prioritize data
protection, reflecting heightened public awareness and regulatory
pressures. Social media continues to evolve, influencing societal norms.
around identity, privacy, and digital interaction in profound ways.
- The above and below figure 6 and 7 mension
Societal Impacts
Communication
Society
Instant global sharing.
Digital identity formation.
Culture
Economy
Influencer culture
Platform economy
Key Societal Changese
Privacy concerns
Personal branding
Information bubbles
Digital movements
Current Statistics (2024)e
social media users
daily time online
4.9B global users
6.7 hours average
privacy concerns
misinformation
82% worried about datae
73% concerned about Fake news
Figure 7:show Communication evolution: From traditional letters to
instant messaging and societal impacts
> Communication Evolution: From Letters to Instant Messaging
The journey of communication has been considerably changed in its form
from the slow and narrow limit of traditional mail to the instant global
connectivity offered by telephones, internet, and social media. These have
relentlessly systematically broken the barriers that have enhanced the
interactions with more speed, efficiency, and accessibility.
This has left a resultant tremendous impact on society. Communication
methods are now nearly instantaneous in terms of enabling people to
connect at real-time across long distances. The physical removal of
barriers has encouraged global connectivity, bringing people and
9) Improves Self-Control.
Through controlled breathing and controlled movement, yoga teaches people.
self-control. As a result, they do not react impulsively or make hasty decisions even in
an emotional state..
With self-mastery, a person can keep his or her anger in check and make rational.
decisions when required. If a young yogi can learn self-control at a young age, indeed,.
no door can ever be closed for him or her. This is one of the amazing benefits of yoga in
institutes.
10) Reduces Absences And Violence In institute.
Because of good health and balanced temperament, students are less likely to remain
absent from institute or pick fights with each other over small issues. Instead, they tend
teachers and peers..
11) Enhances Coping Skills.
As mentioned before, students are burdened with a lot of stress. Yoga teaches students
how to correctly cope with the stress, manage it, and stay productive. This is because
the students learn how to breathe deeply and be more mindful...
12) Boosts Immunity And Improves Physical Appearance.
Alongside its myriad health benefits, yoga also boosts immunity and prevents attacks
from different viruses and bacteria by increasing the levels of antibodies. Yoga.
promotes blood circulation which can work wonders for the skin, hair and nails. A.
healthy body feels and looks happy
13) Improves The Quality Of Sleep.
Source: https://www.jbcninstitute.edu.in/blog/benefits-of-yoga-in-schools/
32
communities closer than ever before. Advanced innovations have also
affected the way people share information, how they build relationships,
interactions fundamentally. As technology progresses, it rebirths how
people interact within the realms of personal and professional, giving
birth to a more interconnected world.
Traditional Mail
Characterized by slow, methodical, and formal
communication methods..
Telephone
Enabled real-time, voice-based communication,
effectively reducing physical distances.
Internet and Email.
Facilitated instant and asynchronous communication,
transforming how we connect..
Social Media
Introduced real-time, multimedia communication
platforms that foster global connectivity.
Figure 8:show Transformative role of social media platforms in daily
life and global connectivity
*Impact of Social Media:
33
A significant focus of the paper is on social media platforms and their role
in shaping public opinion and social interactions. The data indicates that.
approximately 84% of adults in the United States use social media, which.
has redefined concepts of community and identity (Figure 9)..
Percentage of each age group that uses at least one social media site
90
84%
81%
80
73%
70
60
50
45%
40
30
18-29
30-49
50-64
65+
OVE
Source: PewResearch
Figure 9:show Statistical insights on global social media usage and.
its impact on community and identity.
Using social media has become a part of our daily lives. However,.
it's undeniable that it can lead to excessive social media use, which.
can eventually become an addiction..
Globally, an estimated 4.48 billion individuals engage with
social media. This number accounts for 57% of the global
population.
In the United States, 95% of teens have smartphone access.
About 45% are online almost constantly..
34
o Facebook remains popular in the United States with 69% of
U.S. adults engaged on the platform. The social media giant
boasts a massive user base of 2.85 billion individuals
globally.asts a massive user base of 2.85 billion individuals
globally.The figures are given below.
O Figure 10 given below.
Social media usage in the United States.
YouTube
81%
Facebook
Instagram
40%
--.
Pinterest
31
Linkedin
25%
Snapchat
Twitter
23%
WhatsApp
23%
21%
Reddit
18%
50
10
20
30
40
60
70
80
90
ROVE
Source: Pew Research
Figure 10:show Popularity and user base statistics for major social
media platforms
Ethical Considerations:
societal norms, including issues like digital surveillance, data privacy, and
35
the digital divide.According to a 2024 PwC India survey, 82% of Indian.
consumers consider data protection to be the most important factor in
building trust with brands..
= A 2022 OpenText survey found that 93% of Indians are more concerned
about their personal data, and 87% have new concerns about how.
organizations use their data..
so,75% of Indians are concerned about the privacy of their online data.
and 77% want to strengthen their online security to do so. 59% of Indians.
have been victims of cybercrimes in the previous year, most of which.
included data breach and identity theft.
figure 11 given below.
Data Privacy and Security Concerns in India.
Data Protection Important for Brand.
Truste
Concerned About Personal Data
New Concerns About Data Usag
Concerned About Online Privacy-e
Want Stronger Ontine Security.
Victims of Cybercrimee
25%
50%
75%
100%
0%
36
Figure 11:show Ethical concerns: Digital surveillance, data privacy,.
and public trust in organizations.
Impact on Interpersonal Relationships:
Social Psychology found that 75% of participants felt that technology has
both improved and complicated their relationships (Figure 12). While
technology facilitates communication, it also introduces challenges such
as reduced face-to-face interactions and increased social anxiety..
> Figure are given below figure 12.
The Dual Impact of Technology on Relationshipse.
Overall Impact
Communication Frequencye
Relationship Quality
Social Support -
Emotional Connection
Social Anxiety
0%
25%
50%
75%
100%
Positive Impact Negative Impact.
Figure 12:show Technology's dual impact on interpersonal.
relationships
37
: The survey conducted by Dalmaijer et al. (2023) reveals that digital technology.
has significantly impacted professional-parent interactions in pediatric healthcare.
The data shows that the most notable effect is the improved communication
and parents. Additionally, enhanced information access(28%) has facilitated
better decision-making. However, concerns about the reliability of advice (15%)
remain a key issue, as parents may question the accuracy of online advice. The.
changing expectations of professional roles(10%) reflect the evolving
landscape of healthcare, and privacy and security concerns (5%) highlight the
pediatric healthcare, pointing to the need for continued attention to advice quality,
privacy, and role clarity. Figure 13 given below.
Impact of Digital Technology on Pediatric Healthcare Interactions.
Based on Dalmaijer et al. (2023) Survey Data
42%
Improved Communication Speed
Enhanced Information Access
Concerns About Advice Reliability
Changed Professional Role Expectations
28%
Privacy and Security Concernse
15%
Figure 13:show Survey on the impact of digital technology in pediatric
healthcare
38
in monitoring individuals. Privacy concerns (28%) follow closely, with individuals
worried about the erosion of personal privacy rights. The role of technology in.
immigration control (2o%) also stands out, reflecting the increasing use of
digital tools at borders. Data collection(12%) by governments remains a
significant issue, focusing on the gathering and use of personal data. Finally, the
impact on civil liberties (5%) is the least concerning but still relevant.
highlighting the effects of technology on individual rights. This distribution
underscores the complex balance between technological advancements and the
preservation of privacy and freedoms.figure 14 given below.
Technology Impact on Security and Privacy (Bigo, 2002)
Distribution of Security and Privacy Concernse
5%
Increased Security Surveillance
Privacy Concerns
28%
Immigration Control
Data Collection
Civil Liberty Impact
Figure 14:show Concerns about security surveillance, privacy erosion, and
civil liberties
* Future Trends and Societal Adaptation:.
39
artificial intelligence (Al) and automation, and their potential effects on
societal norms. A report from the World Economic Forum predicts that by
2025, 85 million jobs may be displaced due to automation, while 97 million
new roles could emerge (Figure 15). This shift will require societies to
adapt their norms around work, education, and skill development.
Impact of AI and Automation on Jobs by 2025
Jobs displaced vs new ro!es created (in millions)
Heaithcare
New Jobs Created: 18m jobs create
90M
100M
40M
Jobs Displaced New Jobs Created
Figure 15:show Future trends: Al and automation in displacing and
creating jobs by 2025
Survey method for primary data
Survey Method:
To explore how technology shapes societal norms, particularly in relation to social
media's impact on students, an online survey was conducted. The survey was designed
broad accessibility. The questions in the survey were primarily open-ended
encouraging participants to share their thoughts on how technology-specifically social
media--has influenced their behavior, communication, and overall societal engagement.
Some questions included text fields that allowed for more detailed responses, enabling
role in shaping their lives. After submission, all responses were automatically saved in a
spreadsheet template, facilitating easy analysis and data organization
Eligibility Criteria:
The survey was open to individuals across various age groups, educational levels, and
professional backgrounds, ensuring a wide representation of views on how technology
regularly and have some experience with Al technologies like ChatGPT. This helped
40
and could provide relevant insights into their impacts on modern society.
B. Primary Data
patterns and doing a thematic analysis based on the interviews are all part of our goal to
have a deeper understanding of the characteristics of the participants. Our objective is
to offer significant insights that can significantly advance the field of research.
The survey collected 208 responses, offering a clear overview of their insights
1.
What is your age?
209 responses
O Under 18
O 18-24
O 24-30
O 30+
94.7%
Figure 1:show Age Distribution of Participants
Observation Result:
The majority of the participants, amounting to 94.7% fall within the age group 18-24
years of age. On the other hand, 1.9 % are from the 24-30 age group,while 2.9 %
belong to the 30+ age groups and only 0.5% are from the under 18, respectively.
Ystudents
should sleep for up to 7-8 hours each night. A good night's sleep allows the body to be
healthy, ready, and energetic for the next day. As yoga allows the body and the mind to
relax, practitioners notice a better quality in their sleep. With better sleep, students can
focus better in class, play more actively, and perform better at examinations..
14) Increases Self-Confidence And Self-Esteem
Yoga is tangible. Through asanas, students build strength, endurance, confidence as
well as the mind-body connection. You can self-assess the changes and positivity you
feel after having engaged in this for some time. This confidence attained on the yoga.
mat is then carried into the real world as well along with strength, compassion and.
acceptance.
Yoga is an age-old art but is relevant in present times more than ever before. When it
comes to benefits of yoga, this is just the tip of the iceberg. It has multiple gross and
fine rewards which can help you live a healthy and joyful life. Gift your child the
abundance of yoga and watch as the benefits slowly unfold! These are the amazing.
benefits of yoga
42
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "what is your
educational level?", it is evident that out of 100, approx 88.5% respondent pursuing
Bachelor's degree, in contrast remaining 11.1 % respondent pursuing 12th graduate.
4.
For what purpose do you use Al?
209 responses
O Education
O Industrial
O Other
O No
98.1%
Figure 4:show Purpose of Using Al
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the
question "For what purpose do you use Al?", it is evident that out of 100,approx
98.1% respondent use Al in Education purpose and rest 1.9 % respondent use Al in
industrial level or other purpose.
5.
43
1- not
How significantly has your life been changed after using Al (e.g. ChatGPT)?
at all 5-very significantly
209 responses
200
166 (79.4%)
150
100
50
4 (1.9%)
8 (3.8%)
0 (0%)
31 (14.8%)
Figure 5:show Impact of Al on Life (Rating)
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question " How
significantly has your life been changed after using AI (e.g. ChatGPt)? ", it is
strong positive impact,while 14.8% responses rated it as 5,reflecting a very high impact
44
6.
How many hours a day do you spend using digital devices? (smartphone+computer+others).
209 responses
O 0-2 hours
O 2-4 hours
26.8%
O 4-6 hours
O 6-8 hours
O 8+ hours
61 7%
Figure 6:show Hours Spent on Digital Devices Daily
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question " How many
hours
day
do
you
spend
using
digital
devices?
(smartphone+computer+others)",The
survey data indicates that 61.7% of
respondents spend 6-8 hours per day on digital devices, including smartphones,.
computers, and other gadgets. Additionally, 26.8 % of respondents report using digital
devices for 8+ hours daily, while 9.1% spend 4-6 hours. A small percentage, 2.4%
spend over 2-4 hours each day on digital devices
7.
Which types of technology do you use most frequently?
209 responses
O Social media
O Al assistant
23.9%
O Work-related tools
O Other
70.3%
Figure 7:show Technology Used Most Frequently
45
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "which types of
technology do you use most frequently? ",In terms of technology preferences, 70.3%.
of respondents primarily use social media, making it the most frequently used
technology. Al assistants are the second most commonly used, with 23.9% of
respondents indicating they rely on them the most. Work-related tools are the primary.
choice for 5.3 % of respondents, while only 0.5 % primarily use other types of
technology.
8.
Do you think Al or automation has impacted the workplace or professional relationships?.
209 responses
O Yes
O No
97.1%
Figure 8:show Perception of Al's Impact on Workplace or Professional.
Relationships
Observation Result:.
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Do you think
Al or automation has impacted the workplace or professional relationships? ",The
pie chart shows that an overwhelming majority of respondents (97.1%) believe that Al or
automation has impacted the workplace or professional relationships, with only 2.9%
46
significant influence on professional environments.
Do you believe technology has positively or negatively influenced social norms?
209 responses
O Positively
O Negatively
13.4%
O Neutral
10%
76.6%
Figure 9:show Perception of Technology's Influence on Social Norms
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Do you believe
technology has positively or negatively influenced social norms? ",The pie chart
indicates that 76.6% of respondents believe technology has positively influenced social
norms. Meanwhile, 13.4% feel it has had a negative influence, and 10 % remain neutral.
This reflects a predominantly optimistic view of technology's impact on societal
standards, although a minority express concerns or neutrality on the matter.
10.
47
How has technology influenced your methods of communication with family and friends?.
209 responses
O Enhanced
O Reduced
O No impact
O Not sure
90.9%
Figure 10:show Impact of Technology on Communication with Family and.
Friends
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "How has
technology influenced your methods of communication with family and friends?
",The pi chart shows that technology definitely has a significantly positive effect on
empowered their ability to interact with family and friends - 90.9%. This means that
social media, messaging apps, and video conferencing tools have greatly improved, or
reduced barriers in communication. A very small percentage (3.8%) indicated negative
effects, meaning such concerns about how technology negatively affects
communication are minimal.Other 2.9% response show no impact on technology in
technology influenced your methods of communication with family and friends..
11.
48
How has online learning impacted your perception of education quality and accessibility?
209 responses
O Improved
O Diminished
O No impact
O Not sure
93.3%
Figure 11:show Impact of Online Learning on Education Quality and.
Accessibility
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "How has
online learning impacted your perception of education quality and accessibility?
",The data shows that an overwhelming 93.3% of respondents believe online learning
has improved the quality and accessibility of education. This suggests a transformative
shift in the perception of education, with a significant majority embracing the benefits of
online learning. Only a small fraction of respondents, about 3.3 %, felt that online
learning had a diminished impact, while approximately 0.5% reported no noticeable
change. Additionally, the very low uncertainty rate of 2.9% indicates that most.
participants had clear opinions about the impact of online learning, reinforcing the
widespread consensus on its positive influence in enhancing education..
49
12.
Do you believe that technology has changed expectations around career paths and job stability?
209 responses
O Agree
O Disagree
O Neutral
96.7%
Figure 12:show Perception of Technology's Influence on Career Paths
and Job Stability
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Do you believe
that technology has changed expectations around career paths and job stability?
",The pi chart clearly indicates that an overwhelming majority of respondents (96.7%)
strongly agree that technology indeed changed the expectations associated with career
flexible and fluid job market that requires people to be adaptive and skill up
continuously. Some responses (1.4%)show they disagree with this statement and 1.9%
are neutral responses.
50
13.
How has technology impacted norms around dating and forming romantic relationships?.
209 responses
O Significantly
O Somewhat
O Minimally
O Not at all
90.9%
Figure 13:show Technology's Impact on Dating and Romantic
Relationships
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "How has
technology impacted norms around dating and forming romantic relationships?
",The pi chart clearly reveals that above 90.9 % of the respondents believed technology
has greatly affected norms around courtship and making romantic connections. That is
proof that online dating platforms, social media, and many other digital tools have
transformed people's ways of getting to know one another in romantic contexts..
14.
Do you think social media has changed how people form political opinions?.
209 responses
O Agree
O Disagree
O Neutral
92.3%
Figure 14:show Influence of Social Media on Political Opinions
51
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Do you think
social media has changed how people form political opinions? ",The pi chart
shows that there is an overwhelming level of agreement that social media has
transformed political opinion-making. Fully, 92.3% said they agree with this statement..
This shows that social media plays a tremendous role in shaping and informing people.
about the discourse on political issues. Some responses (2 %) show they do not agree
with this statement and some (5.7%) neutral responses..
15.
Do you believe that technology has made it easier for political misinformation to spread?.
209 responses
O Agree
O Disagree
O Neutral
95.2%
Figure 15:show Perception of Technology Facilitating Political Misinformation
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Do you believe
that technology has made it easier for political misinformation to spread?
",Majority of respondents(95.2%) from the groups think that technology has made it.
easy to spread misinformation about politics. As such, more misinterpretation and fake
Artificial Intelligence and its Economic Impact in India:
Al has become a stronghold in the economy of India by transforming all domains from the
well-off to recently propelled areas and helping with the growth of the country. Artificial
intelligence is a computer program which can perform tasks requiring human-like intelligence
such as learning, reasoning, and problem-solving. Al is applied in transforming health services,
agriculture, banking, manufacturing, and ensuring education quality and efficiency without
growth for the Indian country and the world's partner in growth.
Al in Healthcare:
Al is another important factor to which this technological part is contributing to the development
of positive changes in the health sector. Al tools help improve the well-being of doctors in
diagnosing health conditions by presenting a better and faster analysis of the disease. Machine
Iearning can provide patients with early detection based on their medical history, so they can be
treated on time. Al shall be very much useful in robotic surgeries, virtual health assistants,
hospital management systems-all intended to maximize the effectiveness of healthcare service
delivery. For example, Al-powered telemedicine services and chatbots provide medical
consultations in rural areas where doctors are not available, thus allowing access to healthcare
support by many more people.
Al in Agriculture:
Al has brought assistance to the farming sector by giving automatic controls over the soil
condition, weather, and diseases. Al-equipped drones and sensors help farmers to see their
farms and take measures to avoid damage. It reduces losses due to pest attacks or erratic
weather phenomena and reduces inefficient farming practices. Al helps in making the correct
decision, which improves sales and ultimately helps the farmer earn more with the proper data.
A lot of people in the banking and finance industry have used Al to their advantage. For
instance, banks can now institute fraud checks and security measures using Al technologies.
Chatbots using Al handle most of the customers of the bank by answering questions and
helping individuals manage their accounts. Al-driven financial systems could monitor the market
trends that enhance the decision-making process of the investors. This has in essence
fast-tracked, secured and made available banking services to households in remote areas.
Al in Manufacturing:
These forthcoming days will see revolutionize in the manufacturing Industry wherein thousands
of artificial intelligence equipped robots and machinery along with computerized operations to
work more speedily and consider a lot better. It eliminates the human error towards the working
of industry and has thus made industrial operations efficient. Equipment monitoring and
maintenance need predetermination are also automated along with the supply management
52
or distorted news can be found on social media, online news sources. Some
respondents(2.4%) disagree and 2.4% give me a neutral response..
16.
In what areas do you feel technology has the most significant impact on social norms?.
209 responses
Privacy
168 (80.4%)
Work culture
-196 (93.8%)
18 (8.6%)
Personal relationships
197 (94.3%)
Social communication
Education
200 (95.7%)
Other1 (0.5%)
50
100
150
200
Figure 16:show Areas Where Technology Significantly Impacts Social.
Norms
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the bar graph, According to the question "In what areas
chart illustrates that technology greatly touched aspects of social life. Some areas, most
affected, are work culture(93.8%), social communication, education(94.3%), personal
privacy(80.4 %), Education(95.7%),and personal relationships(8.6%). The large.
percentage of respondents agreeing to the impacts shows that technology has changed
53
the way people work(93.8 %), relate, learn(education), and keep their information
i.e(social information).
17.
Has technology influenced traditional cultural practices in your community?
209 responses
O Yes
O No
94.3%
Figure 17:show Impact of Technology on Traditional Cultural Practices.
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Has technology
influenced traditional cultural practices in your community?"The pie chart
represents that technology influences traditional cultural practices. As such, 94.3% of
the respondents contend that technology has challenged and preserved cultural
traditions and intermeshed old and new practices, and some responses (5.7 %) say
technology has not influenced traditional cultural practices in your community.
18.
Have new technologies impacted the way cultural traditions are passed to younger generations?.
209 responses
O Agree
O Disagree
O Neutral
92.8%
54
Figure 18:show Influence of Technology on Passing Cultural Traditions.
to Younger Generations
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Have new
generations?"In the above chart, it can clearly be noted that a vast majority (92.8%)
transferred to the next generation. It clearly denotes the fact that digital tools as well as
multimedia platforms have challenged some of the existing cultures and at the same
time have preserved them through various mixed-up traditions and modern
approaches.The some responses disagree(3.3%) and neutral(3.8%) responded to this
statement.
19.
Looking ahead, do you believe technology will continue to reshape societal norms?.
209 responses
O Yes
O No
O Not sure
%8 86
Figure 19:show Future Perception of Technology Reshaping Societal
Norms
Observation Result:
Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Looking ahead.
do you believe technology will continue to reshape societal norms?"In the pie
chart, there is strong consensus that technology will continue to change social norms.
Most of the respondents believe that technological change will have further influence on
55
how we live, work, and interact with others (93.8%). In other words, society needs to
adapt to a changing technological environment as well as its implication in any aspect of
20.
According to you how has technology shaped the societal norms?
11 responses
I'think according to my view technology very great for me and of students
Yes
It helped us to make surveys online
1 am think technology use only positive.will be in the interest of the country and'society.
Technology redefines privacy and personal boundaries.
2. It transforms the way we communicate globally.
Social media influences cultural trends and values.
Not so good not so bad it depends upon the purpose you use for
Not sure
Fiqure 20:show Summary of Views on Technoloqy's Influence on.
Societal Norms
Observation Result:
The responses received depict a wide range of views on how technology has influenced
societal norms. Positive comments about technology abound from many of the
respondents; specifically, they comment on what it has done within the field of study, in
what it offers to learn more accessible and effectively to the students. Technology,
notwithstanding enabling online surveys, has allowed for better means of doing
fieldwork. From these responses, one finds indications that technology benefits will
stretch far beyond educational boundaries, as one respondent firmly believed that
positive applications of technology will eventually serve as 'interest to both country and
life is another very important theme that has a relationship with how people maintair
their personal information in this highly digitizing world. The shift in global
56
communication is also highlighted, where the technology itself enables easy linking and
interaction of people irrespective of their place. An acknowledgment of the influence of
social media on cultural trends and values also implies a greater incidence of the role
played in societal norms. However, that was not all positive views. Some of the
respondents comment that technology's impact depends upon the use. This speaks for
itself-neither good nor bad per se. Finally, one respondent was puzzled at how
technology has influenced public morals, commenting that the impact of technology on
society is very obscure and far from drawing a simple conclusion. Overall, such.
3.2 Variables
In this study, several key variables are considered to understand how technology
shapes societal norms:
A. Independent Variable:
social media platforms, Al, and automation technologies. These advancements
are measured in terms of their accessibility, usage frequency, and the extent of
their integration into daily life, communication, education, work, and leisure.
activities.
B. Dependent Variables:
> Societal Norms: Changes in behaviors, values, cultural practices, and societal.
interact, communicate, work, and make decisions.
> Public Perception: How different age groups or communities perceive the role
of technology in shaping societal norms. This can be measured through surveys
and opinion polls.
Mental Health and Well-Being: The effect of technology on individuals
psychological health, particularly focusing on social media and digital
communication patterns. This can be assessed through self-reported measures
of stress, anxiety, depression, and overall mental well-being.
57
C. Control Variables:
= Age Group: Different age groups (youth, middle-aged, elderly) may experience.
the impact of technology differently, so this variable helps in understanding these
variations.
> Socioeconomic Status: The influence of financial resources and social.
standing on access to technology and its impact on societal norms. This includes
factors like income, education level, and occupation.
3.3 Present Justification:
The relationship between technology and societal norms is intricate and constantly
evolving, influenced by various social, cultural, and economic factors. This term paper
communication, social media, and artificial intelligence (Al), impact societal norms and
and make decisions, leading to shifts in societal behavior and attitudes.
One key area of influence is communication. The rise of the internet, social media
platforms, and instant messaging has revolutionized how people communicate, both
related to interpersonal relationships, privacy, and public discourse. While technology
has made communication faster and more global, it has also introduced challenges
such as privacy erosion and misinformation spread. These challenges prompt us to
reconsider how societal norms should adapt to these new communication patterns.
Another important factor is the role of technology in shaping cultural and ethical values.
Al and automation have sparked discussions about labor, job security, and economic
inequality, while the widespread use of social media has influenced how people
perceive identity, self-worth, and social status. The digital world has created new
opportunities for self-expression but has also increased social pressures, particularly
of technological innovations and their potential to reinforce or challenge existing societal
norms.
Additionally, technology affects societal norms through its impact on education, work
and leisure. The rise of e-learning platforms, remote work technologies, and digital
entertainment has blurred the traditional boundaries between work and leisure, creating
new challenges in maintaining a work-life balance. These changes have also influenced
activities.
58
This term paper aims to explore the diverse ways technology influences societal norms,
examining both positive and negative aspects. By analyzing historical and contemporary
examples of technological advancements, it seeks to provide a comprehensive
understanding of how technology continues to shape and redefine societal expectations
and values.
3.3.1 Relationship Between Technology and Societal Norms:
Technological advancements shape how people interact, communicate, and engage
with the world. The rise of social media, for example, has revolutionized the way
relationships are formed, opinions are expressed, and social status is perceived. Social
media platforms enable instant communication and sharing of information but also
contribute to
issues like privacy concerns, misinformation, and
digital
addiction.Furthermore, automation and artificial intelligence are transforming labor
markets and economic structures. Al technologies are automating routine tasks, leading
to shifts in job roles and the creation of new professions. This redefines the concept of
work, affecting employment rates, job satisfaction, and work-life balance.
Technology also influences cultural experiences. The widespread use of digital
entertainment platforms has changed how people consume media and participate in
cultural activities. Streaming services, for instance, offer on-demand access to a vast
array of content, shaping cultural trends and individual preferences.
The relationship between technology and societal norms is bidirectional. While
technology challenges and redefines societal norms, societal norms also influence
technological development. For instance, growing concerns over data privacy and
misinformation on social media platforms have led to policy changes and shifts in the
operations of tech companies. Additionally, the societal push towards sustainability has
driven the development of green technologies and renewable energy solutions.
3.4 Current Study
The current study aims to explore how various technologies, particularly the internet.
social media, and Al, are shaping societal norms. It will investigate how these
technologies influence communication patterns, social behaviors, and ethical values.
The study will assess both positive and negative societal outcomes, such as improved
3.5 Limitations
59
While this study aims to provide a comprehensive analysis of the relationship between
technology and societal norms, several limitations must be considered:
A. Third-Variable Problem.
There may be external factors influencing the relationship between technology and
conditions. These variables could confound the results, making it difficult to draw
definitive conclusions about the impact of technology alone.
B. Limited Survey Questions.
The survey may not capture all dimensions of how technology influences societal
norms. Limited or overly general questions might miss nuanced views on specific
technologies or subgroups within society. Additionally, the wording of questions could
influence respondents' answers, leading to potential bias.
C. Respondents Filling Survey Without Reading
Some participants might complete surveys quickly without thoroughly understanding the
questions, potentially leading to inaccurate or unreliable data. This would affect the
overall quality and validity of the findings.
D. Uneven Distribution of Age Groups
The study may not have an even distribution of respondents from different age groups.
If older generations are underrepresented, the study might not fully capture generational
differences in technology adoption and usage, affecting the generalizability of the.
results.
3.6 Statistical Analysis.
We applied various statistical analyses relevant to the relationships between some of
the factors determining technological development and changes in societal values. For
those factors, such as the use of digital media, implementation of Al, professional
environments, and sustainability, we estimated the effects. Specifically, we applied a
multivariable regression model combined with additional tests in order to test the
60
relationships between the variables and the change in societal expectations. The
applied models and analysis for the study follow:.
Model 0: Technology adoption (social media, Al, digital tools) and demographic factors
(age, profession, education).
Model 1: Model 0 added with the frequency and intensity of using social media,
concentrating on its impact on personal relationships and community norms.
Model 2: Model 0 with Al infusion in the workplace setting-health care or service fields
again to measure the effects on professionalized communication norms.
Model 3: Model 0, incorporating additional sustainability transitions-in this example, the
links technology with environmental behavior norms..
Model 4: Model 0 with cyberbullying and the matter of privacy concern, mainly based.
on Al and the ethics of digital technologies directed toward privacy norms..
We examined the moderating effect of age on the relationship between technology.
adoption and societal norms by adding an interaction term of age with technology
adoption to Model 0, p <.05. Results of regression are provided for the younger and
older generations. Wald tests check the mediating effects of online harassment,
Al-related ethical concerns, professional communication norms, and sustainability
with specific regard to how the norms evolve over issues of fairness, privacy, and
environmental behavior. In supplementary analysis, we also fitted Iogistic regression
models to check the binary outcomes: social perception of technology and ethical
concerns about Al. These models would allow us to measure the strength with which
people think that technology influences the course of societal norms. Finally, the.
development were quantified in means of path models..
The first model allowed all paths to differ by generation(younger vs. older), and Wald
tests for differences were conducted with a Bonferroni adjustment to control the
number of tests run. In the second model, nonsignificant differences were constrained
GsEM command, which includes all continuous, binary, and categorical measures that
can be modeled correspondingly with linear, logistic, or multinomial Iogistic
specifications. All analyses were conducted using Stata version 15.1(Stata Corp) with.
survey weights applied to account for the unequal probability of being sampled..
61
Hypothesized Pathways Between Technology Adoption and Changes in Societal
Norms
Pathway
Technology
Change in
Intermediate Process
Societal
No.
Adoption Factor
Norm
1.
Increased Al and Job role transformation,.
Redefinition
of
Automation Usage
skill upgrading
workforce dynamics
Rapid
Shifts
2.
Social
Media
information
in
political
Proliferation
sharing, digital discourse
opinion and activism
3.
Online
Learning
Enhanced
access
to
Democratization
of
Platforms
education
skill
education and
accessibility
family
4.
Communication
Improved
global
Changing
Technology
connectivity
interaction and social
Advancement
relationship norms
5.
Evolution of consumer
Adoption
Personalized
Al-Powered Tools
recommendations,
behavior
data-driven insights
Convenience
6.
Growth
and
Shift from traditional
E-commerce
and
accessibility
retail
to
digital
Digital
shopping norms
Marketplaces
7.
Expansion
of Facilitated
Transformation
virtual
in
Dating connections
Online
romantic relationships
Platforms
norms
8.
Usage
of
Digital
Monitoring and control.
Concerns over privacy
Surveillance Tools
and autonomy
9.
Use
of
Global
Intermingling
Increased
to
and
exposure
Streaming
and
cultural content
redefinition of cultural
Entertainment Tech
practices
10.
Growth
of
Challenges in
Spread of false narratives.
trust
Misinformation
and authenticity
in
Channels
societal discourse
Table 3.6
streamlining. As a result, manufacturing companies are becoming better and more efficient, thus
driving national economic growth.
Al in Education
Education has had a fair share in the improving application of Al. Individualized lessons are
being accessed by students through Al learning platforms, and they learn according to their own.
pace. Smart classrooms are also making use of Al tools in tracking a student's progress and
identifying areas in which they need to improve. Classroom management and administrative
work would easily be automated by Al, in which case teachers can concentrate more on their
teaching work and less on documentation. The net benefits of these developments will be
improving the quality of education and are simplifying learning for students in India..
Al in Retail and E-Commerce:
Al is literally shaking the retail and e-commerce course of industries. Online shopping portals
recommend products to customers with the help of Al. Al-supported chatbots help customers,
making their shopping experiences very easy. Again, Al helps in avoiding overstocking or being
out of stock, through keeping inventory in check for companies. This brings improved customer
satisfaction and boosts e-commerce companies in growth in the Indian scene..
Challenges of Al in India:
Indeed, Al produces a lot of benefits, but also wields its own share of difficulties, especially in
terms of jobs. Some traditional jobs are now replaced by machines due to automation, leaving
thousands of jobless. On the contrary, Al creates new job profiles associated with data science,
machine learning, robotics, etc. To tackle this concern, the Indian government and the private
sector have invested in Al training and education programs to empower such people with skills
suitable for Al jobs.
Another, and a very important, challenge for India would be the fact that the rural segment of
India does not have sufficient digital infrastructure. Al would like to utilize a lot of data and
broadband internet, both of which this country has not yet extended to much of its regions. Data
security and protection issues need resolution before getting on to the responsible Al.
implementation. Governments and private organizations are endeavoring to develop better Al
policies and regulations to accomplish this..
Despite all this, Al can be India's engine of growth. More businesses can expand and also
improve the overall quality of life as Als generate more productivity, cost savings, and.
innovation. The Indian government has already identified Al as one of the keys to its growth and
supports the promotion of such initiatives in various forms. Investment in Al research, digital
infrastructure, and talent development is poised to put India on the world map as a leader in AI
innovation.
62
As hypothesized pathways between technology adoption and changes in societal.
norms, the flowchart below summarizes them..
O.
Figure 3.6.1
4. Discussion
4.1 How Does Technology Impact Social Norms?.
Ans: Technology has dramatically changed the way we interact, communicate, and
understand the world. The internet has made it possible to talk to people anywhere in
the world instantly. Social media lets us share personal moments, opinions, and
where people with similar interests can connect and support each other. However, with
these benefits come challenges like privacy issues, misinformation, and digital
surveillance. The constant presence of technology in our lives can also lead to issues.
like digital addiction and a decrease in face-to-face interactions. These changes affect
our social norms--how we expect people to behave. As technology keeps evolving, we
63
must adjust our norms to balance the good things technology brings with the need to act
ethically online. It is important for individuals and societies to find a balance between
embracing technological advancements and maintaining healthy, respectful interactions.
4.2 The Effects of Al and Robotics on Job Roles and Workforce Dynamics
Ans: Al (Artificial Intelligence) and robots have changed many jobs by taking over tasks
that humans used to do. In industries like manufacturing, retail, and healthcare, they
help make work faster and cheaper. This automation can lead to increased productivity
jobs, especially those doing simple, repetitive tasks. On the other hand, new jobs that
need special skills in technology, data analysis, and Al are being created. This shift
requires workers to learn new skills and adapt to a rapidly changing job market. While
some workers may benefit from new opportunities, others may face economic hardships
and job insecurity. Addressing these challenges requires investment in education and
training programs to help workers transition to new roles. While Al and robots make
work more productive, they also raise concerns about job loss and the fairness of
collaborate to create strategies that ensure the benefits of Al and robotics are shared
broadly and do not exacerbate economic inequality.
4.3 The Role of Digital Communication in Shaping New Social Norms
Ans: Digital communication tools like social media, instant messaging, and video calls
have changed how we interact with each other. We can now share information quickly
and casually, mixing personal and work life. This has created a culture of constant
connectivity, where people feel the need to be available and responsive at all times.
New norms have emerged, such as expecting quick replies and always being available.
While these tools connect us globally, they also cause problems like digital burnout, loss
of privacy, and less face-to-face interaction. The prevalence of digital communication
can lead to misunderstandings and a lack of emotional depth in interactions. It can also
create pressure to present a curated and often unrealistic version of oneself online.
Digital communication changes our social norms and affects how we maintain
relationships and communicate effectively. It is important to develop guidelines and
practices that promote healthy digital habits and encourage meaningful, respectfu
interactions both online and offline.
5. Conclusion
64
In conclusion, technology has greatly affected societal norms, changing how we
communicate, work, and behave socially. Al, robots, and digital communication have
reshaped traditional ways of doing things, bringing both benefits and challenges. As
technology continues to advance, we need to address its ethical issues and ensure our
social norms adapt responsibly. Understanding the relationship between technology and
societal norms helps us navigate the changing landscape of human life and ensures
that technological progress benefits society as a whole. The future will bring more
advancements, so it's important to be prepared for their impact on individuals,
industries, and society. By fostering a thoughtful and balanced approach to technology,
we can create a world where innovation enhances our lives without compromising our
values and well-being..
6. Reference List
7. Appendices:
> Appendix 1: Survey Questions
1. What purpose do you use Al?
2. How significantly has your life been changed after using Al (e.g.,
ChatGPT)?
3. How many hours a day do you spend using digital devices (smartphone +
computer + others)?
4. Which types of technology do you use most frequently?
5. Do you think Al or automation has impacted the workplace or professional
relationships?.
6. Do you believe technology has positively or negatively influenced social
norms?
7. How has technology influenced your methods of communication with
family and friends?
and accessibility?
9. Do you believe that technology has changed expectations around career
paths and job stability?
forming
10.How has technology impacted norms around dating and
romantic relationships?
opinions?
misinformation to spread?
65
13.In what areas do you feel technology has the most significant impact on
social norms?
community?
younger generations?
16.Looking ahead, do you believe technology will continue to reshape
societal norms?
17.According to you, how has technology shaped societal norms?.
(open-ended)..
- Appendix 2: List Information:.
1. Tsetsi, Eric. "Book Review: Ramesh Srinivasan, Whose Global Village?
Rethinking How Technology Shapes Our World." *Mobile Media &.
Communication*, vol. 7, no. 2, May 2019, pp. 286-87. DOl.org (Crossref),
https://doi.org/10.1177/2050157919827105.
2. Dalmaijer,
"How
Technology
Evi,
et al.
Shapes
Advice:
*Frontiers in Communication*, vol. 8, Oct. 2023, p. 1205883. DOl.org.
(Crossref), https://doi.org/10.3389/fcomm.2023.1205883.
Technology Shapes Cooperation in International Relations." *International.
Organization*, vol. 77, no. 3, 2023, pp. 599-632. DOl.org,
https://doi.org/10.1017/S0020818323000140.
4. Schroyer, T. (1974). "The Coming of Post-Industrial Society." *Telos*,
1974(19), 162-176. https://doi.org/10.3817/0374019162.
5. Markard, J., Raven, R., & Truffer, B. (2012). "Sustainability Transitions: An
955-967. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.respol.2012.02.013.
6. Jobin, A., lenca, M., & Vayena, E. (2019). "The Global Landscape of Al
Ethics Guidelines." *Nature Machine Intelligence*, 1(9), 389-399
https://doi.org/10.1038/s42256-019-0088-2
7. Adger, W. N., Dessai, S., Goulden, M., Hulme, M., Lorenzoni, I., Nelson,
D. R., Naess, L. O., Wolf, J., & Wreford, A. (20o8). "Are There Social.
Limits to Adaptation to Climate Change?" *Climatic Change*, 93(3-4),.
335-354. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10584-008-9520-z.
8. Bigo, D. (2002). "Security and Immigration: Toward a Critique of the
27(1_suppl), 63-92. https://doi.org/10.1177/03043754020270s105.
66
9. Floridi, L., Cowls, J., Beltrametti, M., Chatila, R., Chazerand, P., Dignum,
V., Luetge, C., Madelin, R., Pagallo, U., Rossi, F., Schafer, B., Valcke, P., &
Society: Opportunities, Risks, Principles, and Recommendations." *Minds
Machines*
28(4),
and
689-707.
https://doi.org/10.1007/s11023-018-9482-5.
10.Fong, T., Nourbakhsh, I., & Dautenhahn, K. (2o03). "A Survey of Socially
Interactive Robots." *Robotics and Autonomous Systems*, 42(3-4),
143-166. https://doi.org/10.1016/s0921-8890(02)00372-x.
11. Selbst, A. D., Boyd, D., Friedler, S. A., Venkatasubramanian, S., & Vertesi
J. (2019). "Fairness and Abstraction in Sociotechnical Systems'
https://doi.org/10.1145/3287560.3287598.
12.Hamari, J., Sjoklint, M., & Ukkonen, A. (2015). "The Sharing Economy:
Why People Participate in Collaborative Consumption." *Journal of the
https://doi.org/10.1002/asi.23552
13.Hjarvard, S. (2oo8). "The Mediatization of Society." *Nordicom
Review*,
29(2),
Review/NORDICOM
102-131.
https://doi.org/10.1515/nor-2017-0181.
Sciences*, 42(4), 323-340. https://doi.org/10.1007/s11077-009-9097-z.
15. Bhati, S. (2024). "A Perspective of Digital Technology and Social
Transformation." *Shikshan Sanshodhan: Journal of Arts, Humanities and
7(02),
Social
Sciences*,
83.
https://shikshansanshodhan.researchculturesociety.org/wp-content/upload
s/SS202402015-min.pdf.
Acknowledgement:
We are really grateful to Dr Barnali Chetia, UGC-Net, PGDM, M.A., M.Phil.,.
PhD, Assistant Professor at IlltV, for her great advice and for giving us the
chance to investigate the subject of this paper's research. We improved our
complexities of the deductive research process under her tutelage..
We would like to sincerely thank Miss Dharti Sharma for all of her help and
influenced by Qianhui Du (faculty of Arts, University of Ottawa, Ottawa,
Ontario, Canada); Prof. Prathamesh S. Nadkarni, Prof. Sanket L.Charkha, Prof.
Jayant B Kulkarni (JSPM Narhe Technical Campus, Smt. Kashibai Navale
College of Engineering); Jayshree Jha (Research Scholar, MCA Thakur
Institute of Management Studies, Career Development and Research.
(TIMscDR)), research report. Moreover, sincere gratitude is owed to
everyone who answered the survey that was completed for this research.
Their willingness to share their thoughts and experiences has greatly
increased the validity of the conclusions made in this work and provided
our research with a wealth of empirical support. Finally, I can't forget my
family's priceless encouragement and support. Throughout this journey,.
their love, prayers, and unfailing faith in my skills have been a continual.
source of support. All of these contributions have been helpful in
determining the direction this research study has taken, and I am very
appreciative of that.
"Negative effect of social media" is entirely my original work, conducted
under the supervision of Dr. Barnali Chetia. We confirm that this project has
not been previously submitted, in whole or in part, for any other academic
qualification or purpose. We further declare that all sources of information,
including research papers, articles, book, and online resources, have been
received from individuals or institutions during the research and writing
process has been duly credited.
We take full responsibility for the content, findings, and conclusions
presented in this project. We attest to the accuracy and integrity of the data
interpretation or application of our research.
Team Members:
Aditya Raj (202351002)
Signature:
Shivam kumar (202351130)
Signature:
Abstract:
Social media has become an integral part of the lives of adolescents,
profoundly influencing their communication patterns, social interactions,
various studies to explore the impact of social media on teenagers,
focusing on its effects on mental health, academic achievements, and
social activities. It discusses the detrimental consequences of excessive
social media use, including depression, anxiety, distraction from studies,
pervasive commercialization of mass media, which contributes to
adolescents' moral construction and overall well-being. Through a
systematic review of existing literature, the study underscores the
significant association between social media engagement and
psychological distress among adolescents..
Methods detail participant recruitment, data collection, and analysis.
Self-reported social media usage measures and standardized
psychological instruments assess anxiety and depression symptoms.
anxiety/depression levels. Acknowledged limitations include biases in
causality.
In conclusion, addressing mental health concerns associated with social
media is crucial for adolescent well-being. Proactive interventions are
needed in the digital era to support adolescents effectively.
Keywords:
Social media, adolescents, communication patterns, social interactions
academic performances, mental health, depression, anxiety, distraction,
privacy, security, commercialization, mass media, moral construction,
distress, participant recruitment, data collection, analysis, self-reported
measures, standardized psychological instruments, relationship, proactive
interventions.
Table of content:.
1.Introduction:
1.1. Topic
1.2. Focus
1.3. Importance
1.4. Objective of our research
1.5. Background and context
1.6. Research Problems
1.7. Chapterisation.
2.Literature review:.
3.Analysis
3.1 Methodolog A. Secondary data
Survay method
Eligibility criteria
A) Participants
B) Exposure
B. Primary data
3.2 Variables
3.3 Present justification
3.3.1 Relationship between social media and mental health
3.4 Current study.
3.5 Limitations
A. Third-Variable Problem:
B. Limited Survey Questions:.
C. Respondents Filling Survey Without Reading:.
D. Uneven Distribution of Age Groups:.
3.6 Statistical Analysis.
4.Discussion
4.1 Does Social Media Have a Negative Impact on
Adolescents and Young Adults?
4.2 The Dangers That Come With Young Adults Utilizing
Social Media?
4.3 The Dangers That Come With Young Adults Utilizing
Social Media?
5. Conclusion
6. Reference List.
7. Appendices:
Appendix 1:Survay questions
Appendix 2: List information.
List of Figures and Tables:
1. List of Figures:
2.Literature review:-Figure 1 use of social media corncering
age (page no: 09)
3. Analysis:
A. Secondary data:
figure 1:show usages of social media by adolescents. (page no: 14)
Figure 2:Addiction to social media in age groups.(page no:15).
Figure 3:Rndom survey of WhatsApp usage.(page:15)
Figure 4:WhatsApp is helpful or not.
Figure 5: A survey of social media sites.(page no: 17)
Figure 6: Parents satisfied his children using social media.
Figure 7: shows a survey report which was conducted in U.S. for finding
a relation between social media and mental health amongs girl
adolescent (age 11 - 15 yrs).
Figure 8: show a relation social media and depression.
Figure 9: Shows the co relation between social media & loneliness by
Alice in science education.
Figure 10: showing a survey report determining the imact of social
media on our health.
B. Primary Data:
Figure:1 Age group (page no 25)
Figure: 2 Gender (page 26)
Figure:3 how do you see social media platform(page 26).
Figure:4 how many hour per day spend on social media(page no 27).
Figure:6 feel bad about yourself after looking at social media(page 28).
Figure:8 page no:29
Figure:9 page no 30
Figure:10 page no 30
Figure:11 page no 31
Figure:12 page no 31
Figure:13 page no 32
Figure:14 page no 32
Figure:15 page no 33
Figure:16 page no 34
Figure:17 page no 34
Figure:18 page no 35
Figure:19 page no 35
Figure:20 page no 36
3.6 Statistical Analysis: flow chat figure 1: The hypothesised
pathways between social media use and depressive symptoms in
young people the flow chat(page no 42)..
1.Introduction:
1.1. Topic:
This term paper explores the continuous topic of "Negative effect of social
that exist between network of people". In the last ten years, the online world
has changed dramatically. Thanks to the invention of social media, young
pictures and videos at a truly astonishing rate. Most people engage with
platforms like WhatsApp, Facebook, and YouTube, without stopping to think
what the effects are on their lives, whether positive or negative. There are many
positive aspects, such as it helps students to develop important knowledge
and social skills, it enhances the connectivity among groupmates, but there.
are equally as many dangers that come with the use of social sites.
1.2. Focus:
The focus of this research is to investigate the potential adverse effects of
increased social media usage on the mental well-being of adolescents,.
specifically focusing on the development of anxiety and depression. By.
examining existing literature and analyzing social media usage patterns
among adolescents, this study aims to uncover the underlying mechanisms
contributing to these negative outcomes. Understanding these relationships
is crucial for developing targeted interventions and strategies to mitigate
the impact of social media on adolescent mental health, thereby promoting
healthier online behaviours and overall well-being.
1.3. Importance:
Excessive social media use has been associated with detrimental effects
on mental health, including depression and anxiety, along with distractions
pervasive commercialization of mass media has contributed to adolescents'
moral construction and overall well-being, although it has also led to
cybercrimes and harassment.
Keeping these things in mind, many researchers have been diving into a
considerable amount of research on how social media influences student retention
at school and colleges.
1.4. Objective of our research:
Research highlights the correlation between social media engagement
patterns and mental health outcomes, emphasizing the need for proactive
interventions to address these concerns. Adolescents, particularly, are
cyber celebrities and the spread of harmful behaviours like trolling. Despite
mental health issues among adolescents, such as anxiety, depression, and
self-harm, continues to rise, indicating the urgent need for comprehensive
research ascertains the relationship between the social media and adolescents
behaviour efficiency.
1.5. Background and Context:
adolescents' daily lives, providing them with platforms for communication,
self-expression, and social interaction. However, concerns have been
raised regarding the potential adverse effects of excessive social media
Understanding the background and context of this issue necessitates a
thorough examination of the rapid proliferation of social media platforms
and their profound influence on adolescent behaviour and well-being
The table of communication social media are given below:
Table 1
Some of the Challenges regarding the social network are
discussed below:
a. Gives People a license to be hurtful: - As the youth has
tremendous anger and is addicted to social media that makes the users
nature or teasing others by not fulfilling their expectations.
b. Decreases Face-To-Face Communication Skills: - Relying on
the computers totally reduces the personability of individual and, most
situation. Social sites can also spoil the relationships among family
members as well as in the community. This led to change in trend
nowadays, people show lack of interest in face-to-face communication.