Document: nexora_Computer_Science_Note2_v1
Chunk: 50
Start Word: 12544
End Word: 12864
Words: 320

cross block boundaries (3) File Organization Unsorted Files: No order maintained.. Sorted Files: Ordered based on a key.. Master Table: Important table used for reference.. Ordered Field: Field based on which sorting happens.. Hashing: Use of hash functions to calculate location directly. Overflow in Hashing. Linear Probing: Place in next empty slot.. .Chaining: Create linked list of entries. Extendible Hashing: Directory based hashing technique. $ Indexing An index is a data structure that improves the speed of data retrieval Anchor Element in Indexing (Primary Index). Insert, Delete, Create Index in B-Tree Insertion: Insert key, split node if overflow. Deletion: Remove key, merge or redistribute if underflow. Creation: Build a balanced tree maintaining order of keys M Rules for Query Tree to Optimized Query Tree 1. Apply selections as early as possible. 2. Perform projections as early as possible. 3. Combine cascading selections into a single selection. 4. Decompose complex selections into smaller ones 5. Perform joins on smaller tables first. 6. Push selections and projections down the query tree. 7. Reorder joins where applicable for efficiency. j. End of Full Detailed DBMS Theory Notes CS361 - Computer Networks 2024-25 STUDENT ID:202351130 Practical - 9 Aim of the Practical:- To implement and simulate VLAN (Virtual LAN) in Packet Tracer for network segmentation and verify inter-VLAN communication using a router. Objectives: 1. To understand the concept of VLANs and how they help in network segmentation within a switched network. 2. To create and configure multiple VLANs on a managed switch and assign ports to specific VLANs. 3. To configure inter-VLAN communication using a router. (Router-on-a-Stick configuration). 4. To verify VLAN functionality and inter-VLAN communication using network testing commands. ~:Report Submission Requirements:^ 1. IP Address and VLAN Number Generation: : Screenshot showing the generated IP addresses and VLAN. numbers are given below. Indian Institute of Information Technology Vadodara 2024-25 STUDENT ID:202351130 Enter YourStudent Number: 202351130 Gonerato Generated VLANandPAddressDetails VLAN-1 Configuration VLAN-2 Configuration FIELD