Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 18
Start Word: 4352
End Word: 4672
Words: 320

are unhappy with their social life. These findings may. suggest that most of the adolescent feel that their fake world (social media world) is most important. Their online world is good so they feel that their social life is good. On the other hand, remaining may be depressed due to bad online world or they are good in fake world but their real world relationship isnot good.. 16. Figure 16 Observed Result: Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out adolescent feel that they are alone in this world. No one is in this world for hearing him and they can take a wrong step (like suicide, drugs,etc.). 17. Figure 17 Observed Result: Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out of 100,67 respondents are not depressed but 33 respondents are feeling depressed. 18. Figure 18 Observed Result: Based on the data depicted in the bar graph, According to the question, out of 122, 65 respondent feel that their depression level is not very high, in adolescents mental health is very bad. They can take wrong measures.. 19, Figure 19 Observed Result: Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question, out of 100, 87 respondents encountered depressed people while 12 haven't. adolescents.20. Observed Result: Bar graph is showing the symptoms which responbdents have absorbed in the deppressed people. 3.2 Variables: Fadhil Y.R, dkk, Deteksi Covid-19 pada Citra Sinar-X... 3 (output)fully conected layer inilah yang nanti bisa ZHU, & ALI, 2020).Penggunaan supervised menghasilkan klasifikasi citra sinar-X antara learning akan menyulitkan karena dimasa yang akan seseorang terserang COVID-19, pneumonia, atau datang, data akan semakin bertambah banyak dan itu sehat. akan memerlukan waktu dan usaha yang cukup besar Tulin Ozturk dan Muhammed Talo (2020) untuk melakukan pemberian Iabel pada data dan melakukan penelitian dan dataset yang sama melakukan pelatihan untuk keseluruhan menggunakan model Darknet dan mendapatkan