Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 92
Start Word: 23296
End Word: 23616
Words: 320

her help and influenced by Qianhui Du (faculty of Arts, University of Ottawa, Ottawa, Ontario, Canada); Prof. Prathamesh S. Nadkarni, Prof. Sanket L.Charkha, Prof. Jayant B Kulkarni (JSPM Narhe Technical Campus, Smt. Kashibai Navale College of Engineering); Jayshree Jha (Research Scholar, MCA Thakur Institute of Management Studies, Career Development and Research. (TIMscDR)), research report. Moreover, sincere gratitude is owed to everyone who answered the survey that was completed for this research. Their willingness to share their thoughts and experiences has greatly increased the validity of the conclusions made in this work and provided our research with a wealth of empirical support. Finally, I can't forget my family's priceless encouragement and support. Throughout this journey,. their love, prayers, and unfailing faith in my skills have been a continual. source of support. All of these contributions have been helpful in determining the direction this research study has taken, and I am very appreciative of that. "Negative effect of social media" is entirely my original work, conducted under the supervision of Dr. Barnali Chetia. We confirm that this project has not been previously submitted, in whole or in part, for any other academic qualification or purpose. We further declare that all sources of information, including research papers, articles, book, and online resources, have been received from individuals or institutions during the research and writing process has been duly credited. We take full responsibility for the content, findings, and conclusions presented in this project. We attest to the accuracy and integrity of the data interpretation or application of our research. Team Members: Aditya Raj (202351002) Signature: Shivam kumar (202351130) Signature: Abstract: Social media has become an integral part of the lives of adolescents, profoundly influencing their communication patterns, social interactions, various studies to explore the impact of social media on teenagers, focusing on its effects on mental health, academic achievements, and social activities. It discusses the detrimental consequences of excessive social media use, including