Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 86
Start Word: 21760
End Word: 22080
Words: 320

by Al, in which case teachers can concentrate more on their teaching work and less on documentation. The net benefits of these developments will be improving the quality of education and are simplifying learning for students in India.. Al in Retail and E-Commerce: Al is literally shaking the retail and e-commerce course of industries. Online shopping portals recommend products to customers with the help of Al. Al-supported chatbots help customers, making their shopping experiences very easy. Again, Al helps in avoiding overstocking or being out of stock, through keeping inventory in check for companies. This brings improved customer satisfaction and boosts e-commerce companies in growth in the Indian scene.. Challenges of Al in India: Indeed, Al produces a lot of benefits, but also wields its own share of difficulties, especially in terms of jobs. Some traditional jobs are now replaced by machines due to automation, leaving thousands of jobless. On the contrary, Al creates new job profiles associated with data science, machine learning, robotics, etc. To tackle this concern, the Indian government and the private sector have invested in Al training and education programs to empower such people with skills suitable for Al jobs. Another, and a very important, challenge for India would be the fact that the rural segment of India does not have sufficient digital infrastructure. Al would like to utilize a lot of data and broadband internet, both of which this country has not yet extended to much of its regions. Data security and protection issues need resolution before getting on to the responsible Al. implementation. Governments and private organizations are endeavoring to develop better Al policies and regulations to accomplish this.. Despite all this, Al can be India's engine of growth. More businesses can expand and also improve the overall quality of life as Als generate more productivity, cost savings, and. innovation. The Indian government has already identified Al as one of the keys to its