Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 85
Start Word: 21504
End Word: 21824
Words: 320

Pathways Between Technology Adoption and Changes in Societal Norms Pathway Technology Change in Intermediate Process Societal No. Adoption Factor Norm 1. Increased Al and Job role transformation,. Redefinition of Automation Usage skill upgrading workforce dynamics Rapid Shifts 2. Social Media information in political Proliferation sharing, digital discourse opinion and activism 3. Online Learning Enhanced access to Democratization of Platforms education skill education and accessibility family 4. Communication Improved global Changing Technology connectivity interaction and social Advancement relationship norms 5. Evolution of consumer Adoption Personalized Al-Powered Tools recommendations, behavior data-driven insights Convenience 6. Growth and Shift from traditional E-commerce and accessibility retail to digital Digital shopping norms Marketplaces 7. Expansion of Facilitated Transformation virtual in Dating connections Online romantic relationships Platforms norms 8. Usage of Digital Monitoring and control. Concerns over privacy Surveillance Tools and autonomy 9. Use of Global Intermingling Increased to and exposure Streaming and cultural content redefinition of cultural Entertainment Tech practices 10. Growth of Challenges in Spread of false narratives. trust Misinformation and authenticity in Channels societal discourse Table 3.6 streamlining. As a result, manufacturing companies are becoming better and more efficient, thus driving national economic growth. Al in Education Education has had a fair share in the improving application of Al. Individualized lessons are being accessed by students through Al learning platforms, and they learn according to their own. pace. Smart classrooms are also making use of Al tools in tracking a student's progress and identifying areas in which they need to improve. Classroom management and administrative work would easily be automated by Al, in which case teachers can concentrate more on their teaching work and less on documentation. The net benefits of these developments will be improving the quality of education and are simplifying learning for students in India.. Al in Retail and E-Commerce: Al is literally shaking the retail and e-commerce course of industries. Online shopping portals recommend products to customers with the help