Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 84
Start Word: 21248
End Word: 21568
Words: 320

Model 3: Model 0, incorporating additional sustainability transitions-in this example, the links technology with environmental behavior norms.. Model 4: Model 0 with cyberbullying and the matter of privacy concern, mainly based. on Al and the ethics of digital technologies directed toward privacy norms.. We examined the moderating effect of age on the relationship between technology. adoption and societal norms by adding an interaction term of age with technology adoption to Model 0, p <.05. Results of regression are provided for the younger and older generations. Wald tests check the mediating effects of online harassment, Al-related ethical concerns, professional communication norms, and sustainability with specific regard to how the norms evolve over issues of fairness, privacy, and environmental behavior. In supplementary analysis, we also fitted Iogistic regression models to check the binary outcomes: social perception of technology and ethical concerns about Al. These models would allow us to measure the strength with which people think that technology influences the course of societal norms. Finally, the. development were quantified in means of path models.. The first model allowed all paths to differ by generation(younger vs. older), and Wald tests for differences were conducted with a Bonferroni adjustment to control the number of tests run. In the second model, nonsignificant differences were constrained GsEM command, which includes all continuous, binary, and categorical measures that can be modeled correspondingly with linear, logistic, or multinomial Iogistic specifications. All analyses were conducted using Stata version 15.1(Stata Corp) with. survey weights applied to account for the unequal probability of being sampled.. 61 Hypothesized Pathways Between Technology Adoption and Changes in Societal Norms Pathway Technology Change in Intermediate Process Societal No. Adoption Factor Norm 1. Increased Al and Job role transformation,. Redefinition of Automation Usage skill upgrading workforce dynamics Rapid Shifts 2. Social Media information in political Proliferation sharing, digital discourse opinion and activism 3. Online Learning Enhanced access to Democratization of Platforms education skill education and accessibility