Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 27
Start Word: 6656
End Word: 6976
Words: 320

teenagers as the main benefit of social media, and prior research typically supports the used to increase acceptance or a feeling of community by providing adolescents with opportunities to connect with others who share their. interests, beliefs, and experiences. Diqital media has the potential to improve adolescent mental health in a variety of ways, including cutting-edge applications in medical screening, treatment, and prevention. significance of digital media in their life. An expanding corpus of research suggests that teenagers' use of social media may have an impact on their. the digital media landscape is changing. 5. Conclusion: The impact of social media use on incidence of depression, anxiety and psychological distress among adolescents, as examined by this review, is likely to be multifactorial. It is important to distinguish between the terms used for the relationship. It is fair to say that there problems, on the basis that this means a socially constructed reality. investigate correlations rather than accepting socially assumed truths. Correlation is statistical, not phenomenal. Thirdly, there is causation, which requires directional evidence. The latter has not been. adequately investigated in this topic, and we must, therefore, state that the relationship is correlational but not conclusively causative. Key findings of included studies were classified into four categories of. exposure to social media: time spent; activity; investment; and addiction. All these categories were found as correlated with depression, anxiety and psychological distress, with an acknowledgement for the complexity of these relationships. Although there are studies which investigated mediating and moderating factors that may contribute or exacerbate the proposed relationship, there are still several underexplored mediators and moderators, which may explain the direction of this relationship. We also identified gaps in literature in terms of methods, study design and sampling.. Causality was unclear due to the cross-sectional study design used in almost all studies and the lack of comparison group in the cohort study. Also, the number of quantitative studies in literature