Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 42
Start Word: 10496
End Word: 10816
Words: 320

acknowledge the support and encouragement of Ms. Dharti Sharma and Ms. Jinal Purohit, our teaching assistants, who have guided us through the entire process.We would like to express our appreciation to all the 209 survey paper. Finally, we would like to express gratitude to the Indian Institute of Information Technology Vadodara for providing the resources and facilities necessary to carry out this research.. Thank you all for your invaluable contribution to this project Abstract This term paper, "The Technology Determination: How Technology Shapes throughout history. From the invention of the printing press to the modern paper looks at how recent advancements in artificial intelligence, online interaction, and robotics are changing the way people live, work, and interact with each other. Using both global and local examples, the research highlights how 1) Reduces Stress And Anxiety. Yoga's innate ability to cease the mental chatter and live in the moment reduces stress and anxiety, showing profound benefits in every sphere of life. Students are very stressed individuals, keen to outperform themselves and prove their worth every chance they get. Yoga helps them to deal with their stress and bring back some peace of mind. Those who regularly practice yoga not only report lower levels of stress and anxiety and. subsequently improved academic performance.. 2) Improves Memory And Attention Span. Yoga helps to improve the memory function in both adults and students, a direct benefit of which would be a better academic performance in students. It also helps to improve students's attention span and focus. In fact, yoga aids students suffering from ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) as well by reducing its core symptoms such as. inattentiveness, hyperactivity and impulsivity.. Source: https://www.jbcninstitute.edu.in/blog/benefits-of-yoga-in-schools/. job roles and the skills people need. Technology also influences how people communicate and share emotions and information.. The study points out that not everyone has the same access to new technologies, which can lead to inequalities. In many places, advanced