Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 4
Start Word: 768
End Word: 1088
Words: 320

their. family and friends, but they are unaware of social media's security and privacy settings. Due to unawareness, valuable information will be available people and steal money by using different hacking strategies like Phishing, Cyberbullying, and Identity theft. These negative effects of social media is motivating my group members to. conclude that social media is dangerous for adolescents.. 1.6. Research problem: The problem statement for this term paper is "Increased -social media uses posits that adolescents are suffering from anxiety and depression due to using social media for large times. Some of the Challenges regarding the social network are discussed above: 1.7.Chapterisation: This section of the term paper delves into the argument that social media is presents evidence and analysis challenging the widespread assumption that social media does not cause depression, only outside environment and behaviour of adolescent make him depressed 2. Literature Review: .El-Badaway [8] stated that youth surf a considerable portion of their daily lives interacting with social sites. On an average -adolescents are spending 6 - 8 hours on social media and Iess thar. 2 hours on study.. This affects their academic behaviour.. Figure 1 categorizes the group of ages into three parts i-e Young Ones, Students, and Elders, and shows their interaction on social media. Cabryl Jaclyn [9] wanted to find a relation between social media uses and self-esteem. She had designed a questionaire -based on life's generic activities and. asked that questions with. social media addicted adolescents.. Resultantly, they gave negative suggestion with self-esteem. On the other hand, non-addicted gave positive association.. Khurana N. [10] highlighted how social media's accessive use affected the youth by evaluating positive and negative impacts. He conducted some surveys and concluded that social media is one of the major reasons for. cybercrime i.e. sharing personal informatiopn. He also encountered various fake accounts and. harassment cases Suleman et al. [11] described the privacy threats,. especially users in Online Social Networks (OSN),