Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 78
Start Word: 19712
End Word: 20032
Words: 320

them through various mixed-up traditions and modern approaches.The some responses disagree(3.3%) and neutral(3.8%) responded to this statement. 19. Looking ahead, do you believe technology will continue to reshape societal norms?. 209 responses O Yes O No O Not sure %8 86 Figure 19:show Future Perception of Technology Reshaping Societal Norms Observation Result: Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Looking ahead. do you believe technology will continue to reshape societal norms?"In the pie chart, there is strong consensus that technology will continue to change social norms. Most of the respondents believe that technological change will have further influence on 55 how we live, work, and interact with others (93.8%). In other words, society needs to adapt to a changing technological environment as well as its implication in any aspect of 20. According to you how has technology shaped the societal norms? 11 responses I'think according to my view technology very great for me and of students Yes It helped us to make surveys online 1 am think technology use only positive.will be in the interest of the country and'society. Technology redefines privacy and personal boundaries. 2. It transforms the way we communicate globally. Social media influences cultural trends and values. Not so good not so bad it depends upon the purpose you use for Not sure Fiqure 20:show Summary of Views on Technoloqy's Influence on. Societal Norms Observation Result: The responses received depict a wide range of views on how technology has influenced societal norms. Positive comments about technology abound from many of the respondents; specifically, they comment on what it has done within the field of study, in what it offers to learn more accessible and effectively to the students. Technology, notwithstanding enabling online surveys, has allowed for better means of doing fieldwork. From these responses, one finds indications that technology benefits will stretch far beyond educational boundaries, as one respondent firmly believed