Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 68
Start Word: 17152
End Word: 17472
Words: 320

their behavior, communication, and overall societal engagement. Some questions included text fields that allowed for more detailed responses, enabling role in shaping their lives. After submission, all responses were automatically saved in a spreadsheet template, facilitating easy analysis and data organization Eligibility Criteria: The survey was open to individuals across various age groups, educational levels, and professional backgrounds, ensuring a wide representation of views on how technology regularly and have some experience with Al technologies like ChatGPT. This helped 40 and could provide relevant insights into their impacts on modern society. B. Primary Data patterns and doing a thematic analysis based on the interviews are all part of our goal to have a deeper understanding of the characteristics of the participants. Our objective is to offer significant insights that can significantly advance the field of research. The survey collected 208 responses, offering a clear overview of their insights 1. What is your age? 209 responses O Under 18 O 18-24 O 24-30 O 30+ 94.7% Figure 1:show Age Distribution of Participants Observation Result: The majority of the participants, amounting to 94.7% fall within the age group 18-24 years of age. On the other hand, 1.9 % are from the 24-30 age group,while 2.9 % belong to the 30+ age groups and only 0.5% are from the under 18, respectively. Ystudents should sleep for up to 7-8 hours each night. A good night's sleep allows the body to be healthy, ready, and energetic for the next day. As yoga allows the body and the mind to relax, practitioners notice a better quality in their sleep. With better sleep, students can focus better in class, play more actively, and perform better at examinations.. 14) Increases Self-Confidence And Self-Esteem Yoga is tangible. Through asanas, students build strength, endurance, confidence as well as the mind-body connection. You can self-assess the changes and positivity you feel after having engaged in this for some time. This