Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 7
Start Word: 1536
End Word: 1856
Words: 320

the web 2.0 technology- Qianhui Du[21] had surveyed on " The Negative Impact of Social Media on Adolescents". He researched on various aspects and concluded that social media is the sole reason for negative body Intentions and self evaluation among adolescents. He concluded that the emergence and pervasiveness of social media is a direct result of the rise in people's cultural and psychological needs alongside the progress of society. It presents of adolescence, when the mind and body are most vulnerable.. Teenagers' mental and physical well-being may be negatively. affected by the way they are portrayed on social media due to the. pressure to conform to unrealistic standards of beauty. He suggested that the media must pay closer attention to the content on social media and increase their resistance to obscene material like pornography, violence, and poor values because of the need for a commercialized. context. The media should highlight not just the positive outcomes of such coverage, but also the potential drawbacks. Abderrahman M. Khalaf, Abdullah A. Alubied, Ahmed M. Khalaf, Abdallah A. Rifaey [22] had surveyed on " The Impact of Social Media on the Mental Health of Adolescents and Young Adults". His research indicate how specific social media interactions may impair young people's mental health. He expressed apprehension that higher levels of social media usage can cause worse mental health outcomes, increased risk of internalizing and externalizing difficulties (especially in females) and creating body image problems and eating disordered among adolescents. He also said that social media may be a risk factor for alcohol consumption and associated consequences among adolescents and young adults. he also concluded that social media causes poor mental health (by cyber bullying), sleep deprivation. He also said 36% of adolescents claim they wake up at least once over the course of the night to check their electronic devices, and 40% of adolescents say they use a mobile device within five. minutes of going