Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 79
Start Word: 19968
End Word: 20288
Words: 320

from many of the respondents; specifically, they comment on what it has done within the field of study, in what it offers to learn more accessible and effectively to the students. Technology, notwithstanding enabling online surveys, has allowed for better means of doing fieldwork. From these responses, one finds indications that technology benefits will stretch far beyond educational boundaries, as one respondent firmly believed that positive applications of technology will eventually serve as 'interest to both country and life is another very important theme that has a relationship with how people maintair their personal information in this highly digitizing world. The shift in global 56 communication is also highlighted, where the technology itself enables easy linking and interaction of people irrespective of their place. An acknowledgment of the influence of social media on cultural trends and values also implies a greater incidence of the role played in societal norms. However, that was not all positive views. Some of the respondents comment that technology's impact depends upon the use. This speaks for itself-neither good nor bad per se. Finally, one respondent was puzzled at how technology has influenced public morals, commenting that the impact of technology on society is very obscure and far from drawing a simple conclusion. Overall, such. 3.2 Variables In this study, several key variables are considered to understand how technology shapes societal norms: A. Independent Variable: social media platforms, Al, and automation technologies. These advancements are measured in terms of their accessibility, usage frequency, and the extent of their integration into daily life, communication, education, work, and leisure. activities. B. Dependent Variables: > Societal Norms: Changes in behaviors, values, cultural practices, and societal. interact, communicate, work, and make decisions. > Public Perception: How different age groups or communities perceive the role of technology in shaping societal norms. This can be measured through surveys and opinion polls. Mental Health and Well-Being: The effect of technology on individuals psychological