Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 71
Start Word: 17920
End Word: 18240
Words: 320

Result: Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "which types of technology do you use most frequently? ",In terms of technology preferences, 70.3%. of respondents primarily use social media, making it the most frequently used technology. Al assistants are the second most commonly used, with 23.9% of respondents indicating they rely on them the most. Work-related tools are the primary. choice for 5.3 % of respondents, while only 0.5 % primarily use other types of technology. 8. Do you think Al or automation has impacted the workplace or professional relationships?. 209 responses O Yes O No 97.1% Figure 8:show Perception of Al's Impact on Workplace or Professional. Relationships Observation Result:. Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Do you think Al or automation has impacted the workplace or professional relationships? ",The pie chart shows that an overwhelming majority of respondents (97.1%) believe that Al or automation has impacted the workplace or professional relationships, with only 2.9% 46 significant influence on professional environments. Do you believe technology has positively or negatively influenced social norms? 209 responses O Positively O Negatively 13.4% O Neutral 10% 76.6% Figure 9:show Perception of Technology's Influence on Social Norms Observation Result: Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Do you believe technology has positively or negatively influenced social norms? ",The pie chart indicates that 76.6% of respondents believe technology has positively influenced social norms. Meanwhile, 13.4% feel it has had a negative influence, and 10 % remain neutral. This reflects a predominantly optimistic view of technology's impact on societal standards, although a minority express concerns or neutrality on the matter. 10. 47 How has technology influenced your methods of communication with family and friends?. 209 responses O Enhanced O Reduced O No impact O Not sure 90.9% Figure 10:show Impact of Technology on Communication with Family and. Friends