Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 57
Start Word: 14336
End Word: 14656
Words: 320

and entertaining visualisation techniques. This is one of the amazing benefits of yoga in institutes. 7) Encourages Self-Love And Self-Care Yoga promotes healing from the inside rather than looking good on the outside. It. teaches people how to respect and love their own bodies - an essential message for young students who are constantly advertised with warped body image ideas on social media. With self-love, comes self-care and yoga can teach these values at a very young age. The students learn to be comfortable in their own skin and nurture it well. This is one of the amazing benefits of yoga in institutes 8) Helps To Bring Peace Of Mind The vastness of academic curriculum alone can baffle students and yet, they deal with many other. extra-curricular activities and social life as well. By practising pranayama and mindfulness, students really learn how to handle the anxiety and manage the different aspects of life effectively. The peace of mind stimulates the release of good hormones that have a snowball effect and uplifts the disposition of the child in general. Source: https://www.jbcninstitute.edu.in/blog/benefits-of-yoga-in-schools/ 22 Figure 12:show The Sharing Economy and Technology. 13. Mediatization of Society: Hjarvard (2008) examines the mediatization of. society, focusing on how media technologies have transformed cultural norms and. practices. This transformation affects everything from politics to personal relationships,. as media technologies shape public opinion and social behavior(figure 13). Mediatization of Society Analysis Media Impact on :ation 25% Institutio elationships 20%/ \Public Opinion Forr Media Impact on Culture Political Communication Sociat Relationships Public Opinion Formation Institutional Adaptation Figure 13:show Mediatization of Society. 14. Sustainable Development and Technology:. Meadowcroft (2009) addresses the role of. how technology influences societal norms related to sustainability and long-term. environmental goals, pointing to the necessity of integrating technological solutions into 23 political and societal frameworks(figure 14). IEnergy Transitions Environmental Goals Political Arameworks Societal Integration ITechnological Solutions Figure 14:show Sustainable Development and Technology 15. Digital Technology and