Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 52
Start Word: 13056
End Word: 13376
Words: 320

the problem of childhood obesity at a young age in a salubrious way.. 4) Improves Flexibility, Balance And Posture. Sitting down to study for long hours at a time and too much screen time can lead to complication in adult life.. The practice of various asanas on a regular basis leads to correction of posture. enhances flexibility and improves balance as it brings equilibrium to the whole body. This is one of the amazing benefits of yoga in institutes.. 5) Teaches Correct Breathing Techniques. Breathing is fundamental to life and how we breathe is directly related to our overall well-being. Good breathing affects our movement, our posture, and our ability to handle stress in a positive way.. young age how to master the technique of breathing correctly and improve the quality of their life.. 6) Promotes Mindfulness Mindfulness is simply learning to be in the present. Focusing on your breath or directing your attention to the furthest sounds you can perceive is mindfulness; this can be done at any time of the day - even for a few seconds. 12 2.Literature review:- This section presents a review of various scholarly works that explore how technology influences societal norms. The reviewed literature spans diverse topics, from the effects of digital media on social interaction to the ethical considerations surrounding emerging technologies like artificial intelligence.. 1. Social Media and Its Impact on Social Norms: Tsetsi (2019) in his review of Ramesh. Srinivasan's,Whose Global Village? discusses how technology, especially social media,. has reshaped human interactions and the global community. Social media platforms are identity, urging a reevaluation of concepts such as community and global. citizenship.figure 1 show in below with data Social Media's Impact on Society (Tsetsi, 2019) Distribution of Social Media's Societal tmpact Areas 35% Identity Formation unity Engagement 0 Clobal Citizenship Figure 1: show Social Media and Its Impact on Social Norms 2. Digital Interaction in Professional Settings: Dalmaijer et al.