Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 28
Start Word: 6912
End Word: 7232
Words: 320

proposed relationship, there are still several underexplored mediators and moderators, which may explain the direction of this relationship. We also identified gaps in literature in terms of methods, study design and sampling.. Causality was unclear due to the cross-sectional study design used in almost all studies and the lack of comparison group in the cohort study. Also, the number of quantitative studies in literature is addressing the gaps and highlighting the importance of the. phenomenon of the mental health impact of social media use on. adolescents. Future research should utilize prospectively collected data with repeated measures to establish causal relationships and provide a more comprehensive understanding of the relationship between social media use and mental health. Further investigation is needed to examine the role of emotional investment in time spent online, fear. of missing out, and the timing of online activities on adolescents' mental health. the use of convenience sampling in some studies limited the representativeness of and generalizability to a larger adolescent. population. Third, all studies included in this review used self-report. measures which may not provide reliable outcomes because of some sources of risk of bias. Participants may show positive media-related behaviours and some mental health-related items, which may directly or indirectly lead to social desirability bias, information bias and reporting bias. Another identified limitation was that some studies made an investigation towards only Facebook use over other social media sites, which also causes a significant bias and limits the generalizability of findings to other social media sites. Finally, despite the fact that the proposed relationship between social media-related variables, depression, anxiety and psychological distress is complex, few studies investigated mediating factors that proses pengolahan data juga yang berguna untuk ini dapat membantu jaringan agardapat fokus belajar memanipulasi data tanpa kehilangan esensi data ke fitur penting (lebih informatif) sehingga hasil tersebut. Hasil dari proses augmentasi adalah sejumlah variasi data tambahan yang dapat dan dapat menggeneralisasi data baru dengan