Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 6
Start Word: 1280
End Word: 1600
Words: 320

social media on various life groups including effects on adolescents. They encountered various fake accounts and privacy leakages. Children most of the time involved in messages and videos exchanging until late in the night, thus causing their sleep deprivation and procrastination which is affecting their academic progress. Table concluded that social media doesn't change anybody into an egoistic selfie holic it only reveals them. While there may be too much personal broadcasting going on through these sites that are not what they are all about. They can both genuinely connect us and help us communicate more efficiently, or just feed our egos and our need for others' approval. At the end, how we use it depends on our decisions.. Hafiz Burhan UI Haq, Haroon Ur Rashid, Saba Khalil Toor, Abdullah Mansoor[19] had surveyed on " The Impact Of Social Media". They provided various information about positive impact such as platform for e-learning, Seamless Operation, End-to-End Encryption but they provide significant negative effects which can't be denied some of them are distraction, laziness, hysical sickness and s leep deprivation. They concluded that. parents must be strategically distract their childen from social media. be allowed to do outdoor activities They should Leslie Festus Cole[20]- Showers had conducted a survey on "The impact of social media". He concluded that most students who have access to, and use social media, do so for non- each day chatting with friends/ acquaintances. Moreover, they want to feel connected, by removing themselves from the physical world and by going into worlds created by the web 2.0 technology- Qianhui Du[21] had surveyed on " The Negative Impact of Social Media on Adolescents". He researched on various aspects and concluded that social media is the sole reason for negative body Intentions and self evaluation among adolescents. He concluded that the emergence and pervasiveness of social media is a direct result of the rise in people's cultural and psychological needs