Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 3
Start Word: 512
End Word: 832
Words: 320

image in common, thus experiments were carried out in this study focused on training the X-ray image classificatior performance. One form ofpretraining method that can be used is by incorporating an unsupervised autoencoder as a model for image reconstruction. In this study, training using pretraining autoencoder achieved the best accuracy of 81.78% with the addition of the CutMix method, color manipulation, and rotation as augmentation. We also proved that adding autoencoder pretraining can increase accuracy consistently by up to 2.58% in the model trained from scratch.. Keywords: COvID-19, X-ray, pretraining, autoencoder c. Reduces Family closeness: - Spending more time on chatting increases the gap between users and their families. It damages user conversation; reducing family gathers makes the children feel lonely and. increase aggressiveness. d. Causes Distraction: - The person who always uses the internet or stays on his phone gets distracted by the world around him. They do not know what the world is up to at which environment they are up to; up to 80 percent of the time people spend online rather than doing their job or any. special task. Resultantly causing issues in the form of loss of productivity, decreased performance, and costly mistakes. e. Cyberbullying: - Cyberbullying has become increasingly a common issue in our youth, as they harass someone through texting them by using social sites. Bullying, including cyberbullying, causes psychological. distress, including bullying victims, anxiety, fear, and low self-esteem. it can be their picture, their home address, their phone number. Most people(teenagers/students) use social media users in touch with their. family and friends, but they are unaware of social media's security and privacy settings. Due to unawareness, valuable information will be available people and steal money by using different hacking strategies like Phishing, Cyberbullying, and Identity theft. These negative effects of social media is motivating my group members to. conclude that social media is dangerous for adolescents.. 1.6. Research problem: The problem statement