Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 5
Start Word: 1024
End Word: 1344
Words: 320

association.. Khurana N. [10] highlighted how social media's accessive use affected the youth by evaluating positive and negative impacts. He conducted some surveys and concluded that social media is one of the major reasons for. cybercrime i.e. sharing personal informatiopn. He also encountered various fake accounts and. harassment cases Suleman et al. [11] described the privacy threats,. especially users in Online Social Networks (OSN), that focus on youngsters. He proposed that every time users do not know about what they are doing and keep on sharing their. personal information, which leads to the leakage of their vital information that mostly leads to cybercrime.. Weiguo et al. [12] showed that social media is not about. connecting with all the people but also helpful for various skill and expending business. According to his research, a strategy can be developed for welfare of businessman.. McCaffrey et al. [13] presented various data collected from different sources to. understand or improve market intelligence and business research.. Jayshree Jha[141, Neelam Jaipuria[15], Shivesh Jha[16], and Priya Sinha[17] have conducted a survey. They concluded that college students are mostly affected by social media. It provides college students another world to make friends, also provides a good way to release pressure. It also affects grading of the students.. They suggested that an approach is. needed to balance the relationship between social media and academic. study. Prof. Prathamesh S. Nadkarni, Prof. Sanket L.Charkha Prof. Jayant B Kulkarni[18] had researched on. " Positive and. Negative Aspects of Social Media Impacting the Current Society'. They concluded effects of social media on various life groups including effects on adolescents. They encountered various fake accounts and privacy leakages. Children most of the time involved in messages and videos exchanging until late in the night, thus causing their sleep deprivation and procrastination which is affecting their academic progress. Table concluded that social media doesn't change anybody into an egoistic selfie holic it only reveals them.