Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 26
Start Word: 6400
End Word: 6720
Words: 320

to them. If young people are exposed to information on social media that depicts risky behaviour, their likelihood of drugs) may increase. It may be simple to gain access to online materials that deal with self-harm and suicide, which may result in an increase in the risk of self-harm among adolescents who are already at risk. comparison and depressed symptoms in adolescents, according to studies When determining how the use of technology impacts the mental health of adolescents, it is essential to consider the issue of displacement. This refers to the question of what other important activities are being replaced rhythms of children and adolescents have a substantial bearing on both their physical and mental development. 4.3 Gains From Social Media? Ans-Even though most of the debate on young people and new media has centered on potential issues, the unique features of the social media present opportunities for humor and entertainment, identity formation, and creative expression. More mobile devices than ever before are in the hands of teenagers, and they are using social media at never-before-seen levels. drawn to digital devices and the affordances they offer, as well as their. are interacting with digital technology for longer periods of time, so it is critical to comprehend the effects of this usage and use new technologies to promote teens' mental health and well-being rather than hurt it.. Considering the ongoing public discussion, we should instead emphasize that digital technology is neither good nor bad in and of itself Connecting with friends and family is usually cited by teenagers as the main benefit of social media, and prior research typically supports the used to increase acceptance or a feeling of community by providing adolescents with opportunities to connect with others who share their. interests, beliefs, and experiences. Diqital media has the potential to improve adolescent mental health in a variety of ways, including cutting-edge applications in medical screening, treatment, and prevention. significance