Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 43
Start Word: 10752
End Word: 11072
Words: 320

students suffering from ADHD (Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder) as well by reducing its core symptoms such as. inattentiveness, hyperactivity and impulsivity.. Source: https://www.jbcninstitute.edu.in/blog/benefits-of-yoga-in-schools/. job roles and the skills people need. Technology also influences how people communicate and share emotions and information.. The study points out that not everyone has the same access to new technologies, which can lead to inequalities. In many places, advanced technology is not available to everyone, creating a digital divide. This divide some groups cannot keep up with rapid technological changes.This research aims to provide a detailed look at how technology impacts society and culture. It will help policymakers promote fair and inclusive technological development. The paper emphasizes the need to evaluate technology's effects to ensure that advancements benefit everyone and alongside technological progress, ensuring that all members of society benefit from these changes.. Keywords Technology determinism, societal norms, printing press, artificial intelligence (Al) robotics, workplace dynamics, job roles, skill requirements, communication, emotional exchange, digital divide, social inequalities, inclusive development, policymaking, equity, accessibility, technological advancements, cultural preservation, technological progress, social development. Team Members: Shivam kumar (202351130) Signature: Ram Sharma (202351129) Signature: Table of Content Section Sub-sections 1. Introduction 1.1 Topic 1.2 Focus 1.3 Importance 1.4 Objective of our Research 1.5 Background and Context 1.6 Research Problems 1.7 Chapterisation 2. Literature Review 3. Analysis 3.1 Methodology A. Secondary Data. - Survey Method - Eligibility Criteria a) Participants b) Exposure B. Primary Data 3.2 Variables 3.3 Present Justification - 3.3.1 Relationship Between Technology and Societal Norms 3.4 Current Study 3.5 Limitations A. Third-Variable Problem B. Limited Survey Questions C. Respondents Filling Survey Without Reading D. Uneven Distribution of Age Groups 3.6 Statistical Analysis 4. Discussion 4.1 How Does Technology Impact Social Norms? 4.2 The Effects of Al and Robotics on Job Roles and Workforce Dynamics 4.3 The Role of Digital Communication in Shaping New Social Norms. 5. Conclusion 6. Reference List 7. Appendices Appendix 1: Survey Questions Appendix