Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 74
Start Word: 18688
End Word: 19008
Words: 320

chart clearly reveals that above 90.9 % of the respondents believed technology has greatly affected norms around courtship and making romantic connections. That is proof that online dating platforms, social media, and many other digital tools have transformed people's ways of getting to know one another in romantic contexts.. 14. Do you think social media has changed how people form political opinions?. 209 responses O Agree O Disagree O Neutral 92.3% Figure 14:show Influence of Social Media on Political Opinions 51 Observation Result: Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Do you think social media has changed how people form political opinions? ",The pi chart shows that there is an overwhelming level of agreement that social media has transformed political opinion-making. Fully, 92.3% said they agree with this statement.. This shows that social media plays a tremendous role in shaping and informing people. about the discourse on political issues. Some responses (2 %) show they do not agree with this statement and some (5.7%) neutral responses.. 15. Do you believe that technology has made it easier for political misinformation to spread?. 209 responses O Agree O Disagree O Neutral 95.2% Figure 15:show Perception of Technology Facilitating Political Misinformation Observation Result: Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Do you believe that technology has made it easier for political misinformation to spread? ",Majority of respondents(95.2%) from the groups think that technology has made it. easy to spread misinformation about politics. As such, more misinterpretation and fake Artificial Intelligence and its Economic Impact in India: Al has become a stronghold in the economy of India by transforming all domains from the well-off to recently propelled areas and helping with the growth of the country. Artificial intelligence is a computer program which can perform tasks requiring human-like intelligence such as learning, reasoning, and problem-solving. Al is applied in transforming health services,