Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 73
Start Word: 18432
End Word: 18752
Words: 320

This suggests a transformative shift in the perception of education, with a significant majority embracing the benefits of online learning. Only a small fraction of respondents, about 3.3 %, felt that online learning had a diminished impact, while approximately 0.5% reported no noticeable change. Additionally, the very low uncertainty rate of 2.9% indicates that most. participants had clear opinions about the impact of online learning, reinforcing the widespread consensus on its positive influence in enhancing education.. 49 12. Do you believe that technology has changed expectations around career paths and job stability? 209 responses O Agree O Disagree O Neutral 96.7% Figure 12:show Perception of Technology's Influence on Career Paths and Job Stability Observation Result: Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "Do you believe that technology has changed expectations around career paths and job stability? ",The pi chart clearly indicates that an overwhelming majority of respondents (96.7%) strongly agree that technology indeed changed the expectations associated with career flexible and fluid job market that requires people to be adaptive and skill up continuously. Some responses (1.4%)show they disagree with this statement and 1.9% are neutral responses. 50 13. How has technology impacted norms around dating and forming romantic relationships?. 209 responses O Significantly O Somewhat O Minimally O Not at all 90.9% Figure 13:show Technology's Impact on Dating and Romantic Relationships Observation Result: Based on the data depicted in the pie chart, According to the question "How has technology impacted norms around dating and forming romantic relationships? ",The pi chart clearly reveals that above 90.9 % of the respondents believed technology has greatly affected norms around courtship and making romantic connections. That is proof that online dating platforms, social media, and many other digital tools have transformed people's ways of getting to know one another in romantic contexts.. 14. Do you think social media has changed how people form political opinions?. 209 responses