Document: nexora_Research_Document1_v1
Chunk: 75
Start Word: 18944
End Word: 19264
Words: 320

fake Artificial Intelligence and its Economic Impact in India: Al has become a stronghold in the economy of India by transforming all domains from the well-off to recently propelled areas and helping with the growth of the country. Artificial intelligence is a computer program which can perform tasks requiring human-like intelligence such as learning, reasoning, and problem-solving. Al is applied in transforming health services, agriculture, banking, manufacturing, and ensuring education quality and efficiency without growth for the Indian country and the world's partner in growth. Al in Healthcare: Al is another important factor to which this technological part is contributing to the development of positive changes in the health sector. Al tools help improve the well-being of doctors in diagnosing health conditions by presenting a better and faster analysis of the disease. Machine Iearning can provide patients with early detection based on their medical history, so they can be treated on time. Al shall be very much useful in robotic surgeries, virtual health assistants, hospital management systems-all intended to maximize the effectiveness of healthcare service delivery. For example, Al-powered telemedicine services and chatbots provide medical consultations in rural areas where doctors are not available, thus allowing access to healthcare support by many more people. Al in Agriculture: Al has brought assistance to the farming sector by giving automatic controls over the soil condition, weather, and diseases. Al-equipped drones and sensors help farmers to see their farms and take measures to avoid damage. It reduces losses due to pest attacks or erratic weather phenomena and reduces inefficient farming practices. Al helps in making the correct decision, which improves sales and ultimately helps the farmer earn more with the proper data. A lot of people in the banking and finance industry have used Al to their advantage. For instance, banks can now institute fraud checks and security measures using Al technologies. Chatbots using Al handle most of the customers of the bank