Document: EC318 (1)
Chunk: 16
Start Word: 3840
End Word: 4160
Words: 320

obtained from the experiments shows a strong classification of breathing classes caputured from our cost effective humidity sensor. Approx 97% was the accuracy of trained Random Forest classifier, indicating that the selected features provide meaningful information for identifying respi- ration behaviour. From the feature analysis, it can be observed that amplitude features play an important role in separating breathing classes. Deep breathing generally shows higher signal amplitudes, which results in larger amplitude and variance values, while shallow breathing tends to show small signals. Normal breath- ing patterns lie between these two, which explains the slight overlap seen in some feature distributions. V. CONCLUSION In our work, we developed a low-cost and flexible res- piration monitoring system which can effectively detect and analyze breathing pattern. This system is more used friendly and practical as compared to traditional methods which are very uncomfortable and expensive. We have used humidity based resistive sensor which detect humidity change during breathing and generate corresponding electric signals. For processing of breathing data we collected, we have used the machine learning pipeline that includes steps such as preprocessing, feature normalization, etc. Random Forest Clas- sifier has achieved 97.3% accuracy for classification task of breathing patterns such as shallow, deep and normal which show good reliability of system. This proposal system is efficient, give fast response and provide accurate solution for respiration monitoring. Practical applications of this can be building healthcare applications especially the one which can help in detecting sleep apnea disorders. Although results we get are good but we need to consider some limitations also. Experiments were done in real-world environment in which some extra noise can come like movement of subject, variation in sensor placement or it can be due to disturbances in surroundings. In future, we can focus on working on larger dataset and using advanced signal processing techniques to make model match better with real - world conditions. Overall it shows that combining