Document: EC318 (1)
Chunk: 1
Start Word: 0
End Word: 320
Words: 320

Flexible Respiration Sensor with Embedded Data Acquisition and Machine Learning-based Analytics Mohli Thapa Computer Science & Engineering Indian Institute of Information Technology Vadodara Gandhinagar, Gujarat 202351084@iiitvadodara.ac.in SBND Abhijeet Computer Science & Engineering Indian Institute of Information Technology Vadodara Gandhinagar, Gujarat 202351127@iiitvadodara.ac.in Keshav Badaya Computer Science & Engineering Indian Institute of Information Technology Vadodara Gandhinagar, Gujarat 202351065@iiitvadodara.ac.in Shivam Kumar Computer Science & Engineering Indian Institute of Information Technology Vadodara Gandhinagar, Gujarat 202351130@iiitvadodara.ac.in Kamal Kishor Jha Electronics & Communication Engineering Indian Institute of Information Technology Vadodara Gandhinagar, Gujarat kamal@iiitvadodara.ac.in Abstract—Respiration monitoring is crucial in the field of human healthcare as it impacts various health conditions includ- ing sleeping disorders like Apnea and respiratory diseases. Old respiratory monitoring techniques like chest or abdomen belts and nasal probes are uncomfortable to wear and expensive as well. Thus, there is a requirement for a low cost and flexible sensing system for continuous monitoring of breathing. This paper describes the fabrication and working of a humidity- based resistive sensor, designed to have an interdigitated electrode structure. Breathing data is collected through an embedded data acquisition system consisting of voltage divider circuitry, LM358 unity-gain buffer and ESP32 microcontroller’s ADC. Collected breathing signal data (a total of 30,000 samples) is passed through a machine learning pipeline which includes data labeling, noise removal using low pass filters, feature extraction, stratified splitting of dataset and feature scaling. A random forest classifier is trained and tested, resulting in an accuracy of 97.3% approximately, in classifying into shallow, normal and deep breathing patterns. Amplitude, maximum value and minimum value features are found to be the most important features in classification. The fabricated sensor showed a response time of 1.9 seconds and a hysteresis error of 10.17% in the characterization plots. The proposed system in this study is effective in inputting and analysing breathing signals using machine learning which can further help in the diagnosis of sleep apnea and other related health conditions.