Document: EC318 (1)
Chunk: 6
Start Word: 1280
End Word: 1600
Words: 320

model. Based on this it provides complete system for respiration monitoring. It is low cost, easy to use, fast response and provides reliable performance which allows us to do continuous health monitoring and in future it can easily be used for wearable respiration health care application so that we can prevent respiration related disease. II. EXPERIMENTALSETUP A. Design and Fabrication of the Sensor The flexible resistive humidity sensor [31] was designed in the form of an interdigitated pattern of 27 interlocking fingers arranged between 2 vertical electrode bars. Width of each finger was set to 0.1 mm and the spacing between every two consecutive fingers was set to 0.7 mm. The electrodes’ width was also set to 0.1 mm and the spacing between them was kept as 1 cm. The active sensing area of the designed sensor is approximately 2cm 2 and its sensitivity to moisture has been increased by populating the design with a high number of electrical fingers. The max overall length of the humidity sensor is 3.5 cm and overall width is 1.4 cm. The corners of the rectangle shaped-sensor were kept rounded so as to ensure that the corners don’t get stuck inside clothing when worn. Figure 1(a) displays the design of the resistive humdity sensor. Fabrication process of this sensor involved printing the de- signed humidity sensor on a polyimide based flexible substrate, as shown in Figure 2. The flexible substrate was deposited with a moisture sensitive material. The changes in humidity concentrations directly cause variations in the resistance of the sensor. The fully fabricated sensor has been shown in Figure 1(c). When a person inhales and exhales in front of the sensor (Fig 1(b)), the humidity concentrations near the sensor vary slightly, leading to measurable resistance changes. The design of the sensor is optimal as moisture in the exhaled breath gets settled down on the gaps between the fingers, changing the conductivity of the