Document: EC318 (1)
Chunk: 7
Start Word: 1536
End Word: 1856
Words: 320

sensor. The fully fabricated sensor has been shown in Figure 1(c). When a person inhales and exhales in front of the sensor (Fig 1(b)), the humidity concentrations near the sensor vary slightly, leading to measurable resistance changes. The design of the sensor is optimal as moisture in the exhaled breath gets settled down on the gaps between the fingers, changing the conductivity of the air-substrate interface between the Fig. 1. Schematic view [28] of the proposed sensing system. (a) Design of the sensor. (b) Diagram showing how respiratory data is collected. (c) Image of the fabricated sensor. (d) Schematic diagram of data acquisition system. electrodes. These slight resistance variations are essential for capturing realtime respiration signals. TABLE I LIST OFSENSOR’SDESIGN ANDFABRICATIONPARAMETERS Parameter Value Electrode Configuration Interdigitated Electrode (IDE) Sensor Geometry Rounded Rectangle shaped Electrode Width 0.1 mm Electrode Spacing 1.0 cm Finger Width 0.1 mm Finger Spacing 0.7 mm Number of Fingers 27 Active Sensing Area≈2cm 2 Overall Length 3.5 cm Overall Width 1.4 cm B. Data Acquisition Embedded data acquisition incorporated the fabricated re- sistive sensor and the breathing data was passed through signal conditioning circuit, amplification and digital sampling, as shown in Figure 1(d). The sensor’s resistance values were measured during inhalation and exhalation at an interval of 30 seconds and are summarized in Table II. The average range of resistance values lies from 101.02 kΩto 153.95 kΩ. The values of standard deviation also imply stable and repeatable behaviour of sensor. To convert the resistance changes into voltage signals, the sensor was used in a voltage divider circuit along with a fixed resistance of 100kΩ. Output voltage of voltage divider [32] circuit is calculated using the below formula. Vout =V in · Rsensor Rf ixed+R sensor (1) Fig. 2. Steps of Sensor Fabrication whereR sensor is the resistance of the sensor andR f ixed is the fixed resistance (100kΩ). Fixed resistance of 100kΩwas chosen as its value is