Document: EC318 (1)
Chunk: 12
Start Word: 2816
End Word: 3136
Words: 320

keep class distribution balanced. Features values were standardized to improve performance of model. Feature Scaling (Standardizaton) was applied to get mean as 0 and standard deviation as 1. This step is useful for model stability and better convergence. E. Model Selection Random Forest Classifier was used for breathing clas- sification. Random Forest was choosen as it handles non- linear data very well, overfitting reduces and also provides feature importance. This algorithm works well for sensor- based datasets. Random Forest is one of the common machine learning classifiers that merges predictions of several decision trees in order to help in increasing classification performance and decreasing overfitting [38]. Training of every decision tree happens on randomly selected subset of training data and feature set.We obtain final prediction class using maximum votes of individual trees and express it as [39]: ˆy= mode{T1(x), T2(x),..., Tn(x)}(2) whereT i(x)isi th decision tree’s prediction,nis total number of forest trees, andˆyis final predicted class. F. Model Training and Evaluation Training dataset was used to train Random Forest Classifier. Multiple decision trees were generated and each tree train on random subset of data. Final prediction was obtained from majority voting mechanism. After training, model was ready to classify between differnt breathing patterns. Training model was evaluated on testing dataset. Predicted labels were compared with actual labels. For performance evaluation, different metrics were used like accuracy, preci- sion, recall, F1-score and confusion matrix, etc. These metrics measure the classification capability of model. Fig. 6. Architecture Diagram of proposed system. IV. RESULTS ANDDISCUSSION We have collected samples over 5 minute interval over 10 people for training across normal, shallow, and deep breathing in the ratio of 1:2:2 ratio as recommended during the data collection process. A. Breathing Signal Characterization The respiration signals, which were collected from the sen- sor were first analyzed to understand their actual behavior of samples. The recorded voltage signal shows periodic variations corresponding to breathing cycles. Figure