Document: EC318 (1)
Chunk: 5
Start Word: 1024
End Word: 1344
Words: 320

comfort. They also don’t consider whether the system is comfortable or not. They also don’t have data analysis reports [23], [30] that can be used to analyze it and create accurate, simple, and comfortable systems. All these factors create a gap in signal acquisition and meaningful breathing patterns. So we are proposing a flexible respiration monitoring system which is a resistive humidity based sensor integrated with an embedded data acquisition setup. This sensor detects the breathing pattern as we inhale and exhale, causing a change in humidity. Here,, the humidity concentration is changing and hence the resistance is changing, due to which the voltage is changing, i.e. it is converted into voltage signals with the help of voltage divider circuit and it is further processed with the help of signal conditioning techniques. After this we are using ESP 32 micro controller to process the signal so that data collection can be done in a simple and easy way. Also to increase the accuracy and usability of respiration monitoring, machine learning models like supervised ml models are being used and ml is being used for analysis of respiration signal. First of all, the data obtained here is preprocessed to remove noise and divide it into small windows for segmentation. Statistical features are extracted from each segment and used to train a random forest classifier model. This model can easily identify the breathing pattern whether it is shallow, normal or deep with high accuracy. So our proposed system is combined with flexible humidity sensor, embedded hardware and ml model. Based on this it provides complete system for respiration monitoring. It is low cost, easy to use, fast response and provides reliable performance which allows us to do continuous health monitoring and in future it can easily be used for wearable respiration health care application so that we can prevent respiration related disease. II. EXPERIMENTALSETUP A. Design and Fabrication of the Sensor The