Document: EC318 (1)
Chunk: 10
Start Word: 2304
End Word: 2624
Words: 320

time came out to be nearly 1.9 seconds which is sufficiently fast to detect breathing cycles of a healthy adult at resting condition (full breaths last for 4 to 5 seconds). Fig. 4. Response time measurement of the humidity sensor. The final characterization test was performed to observe how the resistance of the sensor varies when temperature of the surrounding environment is varied. To achieve this, DHT11 temperature sensor [36] was used to measure the temperature of the sensor’s surroundings while the sensor’s resistance changes. The measured Resistance vs Temperature plot in Figure 5 helps to understand that as temperature is increased from 29°C to 33°C, the sensor’s resistance drops from around 91kΩto 70kΩand after 33°C, its resistance nearly fluctuates around the same level. The continuous de- crease in sensor’s resistance intially can be explained from the fact that with increase in temperature, kinetic energy of charge carriers on the sensor’s surface increases, leading to decrease in resistance. The resistance values stabilizing at 71kΩbut with a few sudden peaks and drops is due to the sensor’s high sensitivity to minor humidity changes happening because of temperature change. Fig. 5. Sensor’s resistance variations with changing temperature. III. METHODOLOGY A. Data Collection and Labeling First the collection of voltage signal is done through res- piration sensor. Output voltage changes according to sensor breathing. Three different breathing patterns were recorded: shallow breathing, normal breathing, deep breathing. For each breathing type we have done multiple trials to ensure reliable dataset. Sensor output is stored in format of time vs voltage in csv files. Collected dataset is labelled manually on basis of breathing pattern. Each specific file is representing a specific breathing class. Shallow breathing is assigned label 0, Normal breathing is assigned label 1, Deep breathing is assigned label 2. All three datasets were merged to form a single combined dataset. Through this process, input-output pairs were prepared B. Data Preprocessing and Window Based