Document: EC318 (1)
Chunk: 9
Start Word: 2048
End Word: 2368
Words: 320

The hysteresis curve plot (Figure 3) shows how the sensor’s resistance changes when relative humidity concentration is changed during breathing. Humidity concentrations are dis- cretely changed from 0% to 100% during exhalation & 100% to 0% during recovery. The up cycle shows the loading effect (exhalation) of the sensor in which its resistance increases with increasing humidity concentration. During exhaling, moisture droplets deposit on the sensor’s surface, increasing the re- sistance value, while the resistance value decreases during the recovery phase (unloading effect) which represents the down cycle in the graph. Calculation of hysteresis error for this hysteresis curve gives a 10.17% error which shows good repeatability of sensor but due to some minute moisture droplets which get retained in the gaps on the sensor surface, some lag has been observed. The second characterization plot is about the measurement of the fabricated sensor’s response time, as shown in Figure 4. The sensor’s response time [35] is defined as the amount of time the sensor takes to reach 90% of its max voltage (V max) from its baseline voltage value, during exhalation process. Sensor was kept in a stable environment for a while to record its baseline voltage value. Deep exhalation was then performed starting atT start to record how the sensor’s resistance & output voltage slowly increases to its maximum value. 90% of the max voltage was calculated & the time (T 90%) was Fig. 3. Hysteresis curve plot of the resistive sensor. noted at which the sensor achieves 90%V max. And thus, the calculated response time came out to be nearly 1.9 seconds which is sufficiently fast to detect breathing cycles of a healthy adult at resting condition (full breaths last for 4 to 5 seconds). Fig. 4. Response time measurement of the humidity sensor. The final characterization test was performed to observe how the resistance of the sensor varies when temperature of the surrounding environment is varied. To