State Space Search for the Rabbit Leap Problem:
BFS vs DFS Comparison
Your Name,Student Member, IEEE
Abstract—This report models the Rabbit Leap problem as
a state space search problem and investigates solutions using
Breadth First Search (BFS) and Depth First Search (DFS). BFS
guarantees optimality in terms of the fewest moves, while DFS
provides a feasible solution but may not always be optimal. A
comparison of the two algorithms in terms of solution quality,
time, and space complexity is presented.
I. PROBLEMSTATEMENT
In the Rabbit Leap problem, three east-bound rabbits stand
in a line blocked by three west-bound rabbits. They are
crossing a stream with stones placed in a line. There is one
empty stone between them. The rabbits can move forward one
or two steps. They can jump over one rabbit if needed, but
not more than one at a time. The objective is to determine
whether the rabbits can successfully cross each other without
stepping into the water.
II. STATESPACEMODELING
Each state is represented as a string of length 7, e.g.,
EEE_WWW, where ‘E‘ denotes an east-moving rabbit, ‘W‘
denotes a west-moving rabbit, and ‘ ‘denotestheemptystone.
Initial state:EEE_WWW
Goal state:WWW_EEE
At each step, the empty position can be swapped with an
adjacent rabbit (1 step move) or a rabbit two positions
away (jump). The total search space is7!/(3!3!1!) = 140
distinct configurations.
III. BFS SOLUTION
BFS explores all states level by level until the goal state
is found. Since BFS explores in increasing depth, the first
time it reaches the goal guarantees the minimum number
of moves.
1from collections import deque
3def bfs(start, goal):
4visited = set([start])
5queue = deque([[start]])
6while queue:
7path = queue.popleft()
8state = path[-1]
9if state == goal:
10return path
11for nxt in generate_moves(state):
12if nxt not in visited:
13visited.add(nxt)
14queue.append(path + [nxt])
Listing 1. BFS Implementation in Python
Result:BFS found a solution in 15 moves, which is the
optimal solution length.
IV. DFS SOLUTION
DFS explores states by following a branch as deeply as
possible before backtracking. Although it finds a valid
solution, the path is not guaranteed to be optimal.
1def dfs(start, goal, visited=None, path=None)
2if visited is None: visited = set()
3if path is None: path = []
4path.append(start)
5visited.add(start)
6if start == goal:
7return path
8for nxt in generate_moves(start):
9if nxt not in visited:
10res = dfs(nxt, goal, visited,
path.copy())
11if res: return res
12return None
Listing 2. DFS Implementation in Python
Result:DFS also produced a solution in 15 moves in one
run, but this is not guaranteed. Depending on the move
order, DFS could produce longer solutions.
V. COMPARISON
A. Solution Quality
•BFS always produces the optimal (shortest) solution.
•DFS may or may not produce the optimal solution.
B. Time Complexity
•BFS:O(b d), wherebis the branching factor andd
is the depth of the optimal solution.
•DFS:O(b m), wheremis the maximum depth of the
search tree.
C. Space Complexity
•BFS:O(b d), since all nodes at each level are stored.
•DFS:O(bm), storing only a single path and back-
tracking stack.
VI. CONCLUSION
The Rabbit Leap problem can be solved optimally with
BFS in 15 steps. DFS can also find a valid solution but
may not guarantee optimality. BFS is more expensive in
memory, while DFS is more memory efficient but less
reliable in terms of solution quality. The experimental
results confirm the theoretical trade-offs between the two
algorithms.
REFERENCES