Document: nexora_Ai_notes1_v1
Chunk: 54
Start Word: 13568
End Word: 13864
Words: 296

on Performance Improvement of Prompt. Engineering for Generative Al with a Large Language. Model 14. Human-Centered Al in Smart Farming: Toward. Agriculture 5.0 15. XRGuard: A Model-Agnostic Approach to Ransomware Detection Using Dynamic Analysis and Explainable AI CS367/659 Artificial Intelligence Autumn 2025-26 General Instructions for Lab Students enrolled in the course are expected to work on programming problems assigned for laboratories in groups. Groups once formed would remain fixed for the entire duration of the course. Evaluation of lab assignments should primarily be taken as a two-way feedback, both for the students and the instructor.. A group can have a maximum of 4 students from the same section. Attending laboratory sessions is a must and absence during laboratory sessions without prior intimation to the course instructor (only genuine cases) will attract O credit for that particular session. Feel free to contact me or the TAs in case you have any query or confusion regarding submissions. Course Instructors: Pratik Shah, Jignesh Patel pratik@iiitvadodara.ac.in Course GIT Repository: https://github.com/pratikiiitv/CS307 Evaluation Policy Component 1: 60% A. Attendance and participation. B. Each student group will be assigned a project definition under a teaching assistant (mentor). C. The groups will meet the respective mentors for project discussions. The students will be. assessed during these interactions on weekly basis based on 1. Quality of explanation and clarity of exposition and discussion ii. Quality of the code base iii. Resolution of queries/ questions raised by mentor during the session. Component 2: 25% submit a total of two reports containing the discussion on the solution to four-four problems each. One such report will be due just before the mid-semester examination and the other just before the end-semester examination.. Report/ Term Paper Template: IEEE Transactions on Systems Man and Cybernetics: Systems in LaTeX format. https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sdEyE-9DxDNFbuR n3xJ0u0Og6aw9zKU/view?usp=sharing