Document: nexora_Ai_notes1_v1
Chunk: 53
Start Word: 13312
End Word: 13632
Words: 320

parking lot (independent of how many cars are kept there).. Note: Problem (2) and (3) are directly taken from the book by Sutton and Barto. The problem if attempted independently (without referring to the solutions available) is a good exercise in understanding the implementation issues and finite MDP. Changing the Jack's car rental to Gbike bicycle rental is just to put things in context. The instructor has no intention of earning credit for posing the problem. Credit goes to Sutton and Barto. 17 Real-Time Detection of Forest Fires Using FireNet-CNN and Explainable Al Techniques. For ai project:. River Water Quality Parameters Prediction Method Based on LSTM-RNN Model 1. One-Shot Bipedal Robot Dynamics Identification With a Reservoir-Based RNN 2. Improving Hate Speech Detection Using Double-Layers Hybrid CNN-RNN Model on Imbalanced Dataset. 3. An RNN-Based Delay-Guaranteed Monitoring. Framework in Underwater Wireless Sensor Networks 4. A New RNN Model With a Modified Nonlinear Activation Function Applied to Complex-Valued Linear Equations 5. Real-Time Detection of Forest Fires Using FireNet-CNN and Explainable Al Techniques. 6. Unraveling ML Models of Emotion With NOvA:. Multi-Level Explainable Al for Non-Experts. 7. Al Governance in the Context of the EU Al Act 8. Visualizing UNet Decisions: An Explainable Al Perspective for Brain MRl Segmentation. 9. Personas for Artificial Intelligence (Al) an Open Source Toolboxe 10. The Evolution of Generative Al: Trends and Applications 11. Agentic Al: Autonomous Intelligence for Complex. Goals---A Comprehensive Survey 12. Effect of Explainable Artificial Intelligence on Trust of. Mental Health Professionals in an Al-Based System for Suicide Prevention 13. A Study on Performance Improvement of Prompt. Engineering for Generative Al with a Large Language. Model 14. Human-Centered Al in Smart Farming: Toward. Agriculture 5.0 15. XRGuard: A Model-Agnostic Approach to Ransomware Detection Using Dynamic Analysis and Explainable AI CS367/659 Artificial Intelligence Autumn 2025-26 General Instructions for Lab Students enrolled in the course are expected to work on programming problems assigned for laboratories in groups. Groups