Document: nexora_Ai_notes1_v1
Chunk: 36
Start Word: 8960
End Word: 9280
Words: 320

2. (; B \perp C \mid A;?) o True. Given their common parent (A), (B) and (C) are independent (fork is blocked when conditioning on the parent).. 3. (; B \perp C \mid D;?) o False. (D) is a collider (B\to D\leftarrow C). Conditioning on a collider (or its descendant) opens the path and makes (B) and (C) dependent. (explaining-away). So (B) and (C) are not independent given (D). 4. (; B \perp E \mid D;?) o True. There is a chain (B\to D\to E). Conditioning on the middle node (D) blocks the path, so (B) and (E) are independent given (D). (Also check there are no other active paths once we condition on (D).). So for the four relationships: (1) false, (2) true, (3) false, (4) true. If you want, I can:. CS663/367 Artificial Intelligence Autumn 2024-25 General Instructions for Labs Students enrolled in the course are expected to work on programming problems assigned for laboratories in groups. Groups once formed would remain fixed for the entire duration of the course. Evaluation of lab assignments should primarily be taken as a two-way feedback, both for the students and the instructor. A group can have a maximum of 4 students from the same section. Attending laboratory sessions is a must and absence during laboratory sessions without prior intimation to the course instructor (only genuine cases) will attract O credit for that particular session. Feel free to contact me or the TAs in case you have any query or confusion regarding submissions. Course Instructor: Pratik Shah. pratik@iiitvadodara.ac.in Course Teaching Assistants: Mamindla Sathvika. Snehal Nalwade Govind Garg Course GIT Repository: pratikiiitv/CS307 Evaluation Policy Component 1: 60% A. Attendance and participation B. Each student group will be assigned a project definition under a teaching assistant (mentor). C. The groups will meet the respective mentors for project discussions. The students will be assessed during these interactions on weekly basis based on Quality of explanation