Document: nexora_Ai_notes1_v1
Chunk: 6
Start Word: 1280
End Word: 1600
Words: 320

Khemani Chapter 3, 4 Problem Statement for In-lab Discussion:. A. Read about the game of marble solitaire. Figure shows the initial board configuration. The goal is to reach the board configuration where only one marble is left at the centre. To solve marble solitaire, (1) Implement priority queue based search considering path cost, (2) suggest two different heuristic functions with justification, (3) Implement best first search algorithm, (4) Implement A*, (5) Compare the results of various search algorithms. Problem Statement for Submission B. Write a program to randomly generate k-SAT problems. The program must accept values. for k, m the number of clauses in the formula, and n the number of variables. Each clause of length k must contain distinct variables or their negation. Instances generated by this algorithm belong to fixed clause length models of SAT and are known as uniform random k-SAT problems. C. Write programs to solve a set of uniform random 3-SAT problems for different combinations of m and n, and compare their performance. Try the Hill-Climbing, Beam-Search with beam widths 3 and 4, Variable-Neighborhood-Descent with 3 neighborhood functions. Use two different heuristic functions and compare them with respect to penetrance.. Week 4: Lab Assignment 4 Learning Objective:. Non-deterministic Search I Simulated Annealing: For problems with large search spaces randomized search becomes a meaningful option given partial/ full-information about the domain. Reference: [1] Simulated annealing from basics to applications, Daniel Delahaye, Supatcha Chaimatanan. Marcel Mongeau [2] A first course in Artificial Intelligence, Deepak Khemani (Chapter 4) [3] Artificial Intelligence: a Modern Approach, Russell and Norvig (Fourth edition) Chapter 3 and 4 Problem Statement for In-lab Discussions: The Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) is a hard problem, and is simple to state. Given a graph in which the nodes are locations of cities, and edges are labeled with the cost of traveling. between cities, find a cycle containing each city exactly once, such that the total cost of