Document: nexora_Ai_notes1_v1
Chunk: 45
Start Word: 11264
End Word: 11584
Words: 320

Challenge for you is to generate a melody in North Indian Classical Raag Bhairav using either simulated annealing or the genetic algorithm. Assessment: Group which is able to generate melody which follows the grammar of Raag Bhairav and contains some fundamental phrases of the Raag will earn higher credits. 10 Week 5:. Lab Assignment 5 Learning Objective: Understand the graphical models for inference under uncertainty, build Bayesian Network in R. Learn the structure and CPTs from Data, naive Bayes classification with dependency between features. Reference: 1.https://www.bnlearn.com/ 2.http://gauss.inf.um.es/umur/xjurponencias/talleres/J3.pdf Problem Statement for In-lab Discussions: A table containing grades earned by students in respective courses is made available to you in. (codes folder) 2020_bn_nb_data.txt. 1. Consider grades earned in each of the courses as random variables and learn the dependencies between courses. 2. Using the data, learn the CPTs for each course node. 3. What grade will a student get in PH100 if he earns DD in EC100, CC in IT101 and CD in MA101. 4. The last column in the data file indicates whether a student qualifies for an internship program or not. From the given data, take 70 percent data for training and build a naive Bayes classifier (considering that the grades earned in different courses are independent of each other) which takes in the student's performance and returns the qualification status with a probability. Test your classifier on the remaining 30 percent data. Repeat this experiment for 20 random selection of training and testing data. Report results about the accuracy of your classifier. 5. Repeat 4, considering that the grades earned in different courses may be dependent. Problem Statement for Submission: The goal of this lab assignment is to analyze financial time series data using Gaussian Hidden Markov Models (HMMs). The HMM is employed to identify hidden market regimes (e.g., periods of high and low volatility) and model the dynamics of financial returns. The task involves collecting real-world financial data,