Document: nexora_Ai_notes1_v1
Chunk: 37
Start Word: 9216
End Word: 9536
Words: 320

Course Teaching Assistants: Mamindla Sathvika. Snehal Nalwade Govind Garg Course GIT Repository: pratikiiitv/CS307 Evaluation Policy Component 1: 60% A. Attendance and participation B. Each student group will be assigned a project definition under a teaching assistant (mentor). C. The groups will meet the respective mentors for project discussions. The students will be assessed during these interactions on weekly basis based on Quality of explanation and clarity of exposition and discussion ii. Quality of the code base iii. Resolution of queries/ questions raised by mentor during the session. Component 2: 25% Students are required to work in groups on laboratory problems. Each group is expected to submit a total of two reports containing the discussion on the solution to four-four problems each. One such report will be due just before the mid-semester examination and the other just before the end-semester examination. Report/ Term Paper Template: IEEE Transactions on Systems Man and Cybernetics: Systems in LaTeX format. https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sdEyE-9DxDNFbuR n3xJ0u0Og6aw9zKU/view?usp=sharing It is expected that you will write the report as if you are writing a tutorial to explain the problems. and the corresponding solutions. Component 3: 15% A project/ lab viva voce will be conducted immediately before/ after the mid/ end-semester. examination. Moral Code of Conduct Zero tolerance to plagiarism. If the report submitted by any group is found to have copied. extracts from any of the other submitted reports the group members will receive no credit for the entire report. In a report if some material is found to have been reproduced from some source without proper citation or reference, the report will attract zero credits.. Week 1: Lab Assignment - 1 Learning Objective: To be able to model a given problem in terms of state space search problem. and solve the same using BFS/ DFS Reference: [1] Artificial Intelligence: a Modern Approach, Russell and Norvig (Fourth edition) Chapter 1, 2, 3 Problem Statement for In-lab Discussions. A. The missionaries and cannibals