Document: nexora_Ai_notes1_v1
Chunk: 13
Start Word: 3072
End Word: 3392
Words: 320

states of India based on the feature. vector comprising of the following parameters (for one of the financial year values available in the data-set) a. Percentage of schools with electricity. b. Percentage of schools with girls toilet c.Percentage of schools with drinking water. d. Percentage of schools with boys toilet For second problem you should get the data from the following. https://data.gov.in/ As an example, a simple visualization based on percentage of schools with electricity is available at. https://data.gov.in/major-indicator/percentage-schools-electricity This lab is more fun than serious derivations and implementations. I hope you will enjoy working on the problems. 14 Week 7: Lab Assignment 7 Learning Objective: Basics of data structure needed for state-space search tasks and use of random numbers required for MDP and RL, Understanding Exploitation - Exploration in simple n-arm bandit reinforcement learning task, epsilon-greedy algorithm Title: Matchbox Educable Naughts and Crosses Engine. Reference: http://people.csail.mit.edu/brooks/idocs/matchbox.pdf Problems for submission: (1) Read the reference on MENACE by Michie and check for its implementations. Pick the. one that you like the most and go through the code carefully. Highlight the parts that you feel are crucial. If possible, try to code the MENACE in any programming language of. your liking. Reference: Reinforcement Learning: an introduction by R Sutton and A Barto (Second Edition). (Chapter 1-2) (2) Consider a binary bandit with two rewards {1-success, 0-failure}. The bandit returns 1 or. 0 for the action that you select, i.e. 1 or 2. The rewards are stochastic (but stationary) Use an epsilon-greedy algorithm discussed in class and decide upon the action to take for maximizing the expected reward. There are two binary bandits named binaryBanditA.m and binaryBanditB.m are waiting for you.. (3) Develop a 10-armed bandit in which all ten mean-rewards start out equal and then take independent random walks (by adding a normally distributed increment with mean zero and standard deviation 0.01 to all mean-rewards on each time step).. {function [value] =