Document: nexora_Ai_notes1_v1
Chunk: 50
Start Word: 12544
End Word: 12864
Words: 320

1 or. 0 for the action that you select, i.e. 1 or 2. The rewards are stochastic (but stationary) Use an epsilon-greedy algorithm discussed in class and decide upon the action to take for maximizing the expected reward. There are two binary bandits named binaryBanditA.m and binaryBanditB.m are waiting for you.. (3) Develop a 10-armed bandit in which all ten mean-rewards start out equal and then take independent random walks (by adding a normally distributed increment with mean zero and standard deviation 0.01 to all mean-rewards on each time step).. {function [value] = bandit_nonstat(action)} (4) The 10-armed bandit that you developed (bandit nonstat) is difficult to crack with a standard epsilon-greedy algorithm since the rewards are non-stationary. We did discuss how to track non-stationary rewards in class. Write a modified epsilon-greedy agent and show whether it is able to latch onto correct actions or not. (Try at least 10000 time steps. before commenting on results) 15 Week 8: Lab Assignment 8 Learning Objective: Understand the process of sequential decision making (stochastic environment) and the connection with reinforcement learning. Title: Markov Decision Process and Dynamic Programming Reference: [1] Artificial Intelligence a Modern Approach, Russell and Norvig (third edition). Chapter 16, 17, 21 [2] Reinforcement Learning, Sutton and Barto (second edition) Chapter 3, 4 Problem for In-lab Discussion:. (1) Suppose that an agent is situated in the 4x3 environment as shown in Figure 1.. Beginning in the start state, it must choose an action at each time step. The interaction with the environment terminates when the agent reaches one of the goal states, marked. +1 or -1. We assume that the environment is fully observable, so that the agent always knows where it is. You may decide to take the following four actions in every state: Up. Down, Left and Right. However, the environment is stochastic, that means the action that you take may not lead you to the desired state. Each