Document: nexora_Ai_notes1_v1
Chunk: 7
Start Word: 1536
End Word: 1856
Words: 320

Russell and Norvig (Fourth edition) Chapter 3 and 4 Problem Statement for In-lab Discussions: The Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) is a hard problem, and is simple to state. Given a graph in which the nodes are locations of cities, and edges are labeled with the cost of traveling. between cities, find a cycle containing each city exactly once, such that the total cost of the tour is as low as possible.. For the state of Rajasthan, find out at least twenty important tourist locations. Suppose your relatives are about to visit you next week. Use Simulated Annealing to plan a cost effective tour of Rajasthan. It is reasonable to assume that the cost of traveling between two locations is proportional to the distance between them.. An interesting problem domain with TSP instances: VLSI: http://www.math.uwaterloo.ca/tsp/vlsi/index.html#XQF131 (Attempt at least five problems from the above list and compare your results.) Problem Statement for Submission: Ever played jigsaw puzzles in childhood? Time. to make an agent learn to solve the puzzle. Some rough, confusing code snippets are posted on the code repository of the course along with. the scrambled_lena.mat Formulate the problem as a state space search. problem. Try to solve the same using simulated. annealing. Have fun!. Challenge Problem: (you may be able to earn some extra credits for meaningfully attempting. this challenge) I prompted ChatGPT with the following: "Generating melody using simulated annealing" and I. was surprised to see a very interesting response. Challenge for you is to generate a melody in North Indian Classical Raag Bhairav using either simulated annealing or the genetic algorithm. Assessment: Group which is able to generate melody which follows the grammar of Raag Bhairav and contains some fundamental phrases of the Raag will earn higher credits. 10 Week 5:. Lab Assignment 5 Learning Objective: Understand the graphical models for inference under uncertainty, build Bayesian Network in R. Learn the structure and CPTs from Data, naive Bayes