Document: nexora_Ai_notes1_v1
Chunk: 39
Start Word: 9728
End Word: 10048
Words: 320

solution is the one with the fewest number of. steps. Is the solution that you have acquired an optimal one? The program should print. out the solution by listing a sequence of steps needed to reach the goal state from the initial state. 3. Solve the problem using DFS. The program should print out the solution by listing a. 4. Compare solutions found from BFS and DFS. Comment on solutions. Also compare the time and space complexities of both. Week 2: Lab Assignment - 2 Learning Objective: To design a graph search agent and understand the use of a hash table, queue in state space search.e Reference: [1] Artificial Intelligence: a Modern Approach, Russell and Norvig (Fourth edition) Chapter 2 and 3 [2] A first course in Artificial Intelligence, Deepak Khemani Chapter 2 Problem Statement for In-lab Discussion:. A. Write a pseudocode for a graph search agent. Represent the agent in the form of a flow. chart. Clearly mention all the implementation details with reasons. B. Write a collection of functions imitating the environment for Puzzle-8. C. Describe what is Iterative Deepening Search.. D. Considering the cost associated with every move to be the same (uniform cost), write a function which can backtrack and produce the path taken to reach the goal state from the. source/ initial state.. E. Generate Puzzle-8 instances with the goal state at depth "d". F. Prepare a table indicating the memory and time requirements to solve Puzzle-8 instances (depth "d") using your graph search agent.. Problem Statement for Submission. Objective: The goal of this lab is to implement a plagiarism detection system using the A* search algorithm applied to text alignment. The system will identify similar or identical sequences of text between two documents by aligning their sentences or paragraphs and detecting potential plagiarism. References: [1] Russell, S. J., & Norvig, P. (2010). Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach. Prentice Hall. [2] Jurafsky, D., & Martin,